the Vatican, City of London, you know,
Knights of Malta. Do you think any of
these groups have disproportionate power
today?
>> Oh,
[laughter] yeah. Like I would agree with
Klov.
>> President Trump is confronting a growing
backlash from his own base.
>> The fight is dividing MAGA supporters.
>> Donald Trump keep promised them, so he
needs to do it.
>> Just this [music] month, we learned a
very hard truth that our government is
not our government. It's controlled
[music] by deeper power structures
involving systems of blackmail and
compromise.
>> Are you still talking about Jeffrey
Epstein? This guy's been talked about
for years.
>> I'm of course talking about the
notorious [music] case of Jeffrey
Epstein. His handler Gizlane Maxwell and
their [music] client list, the rich,
powerful elite that he procured sexual
favors for from unwilling underage
women.
>> And on the wall there was a big artwork
of a a woman being by a walrus.
>> Oh wow. I'm also talking about Cash
Patel, Dan Bonino, Pam Bondi, Trump, and
his whole team campaigning on exposing
Epstein's network and then turning
around and gaslighting the American
public, acting like Epstein was a lone
actor who took his own life in jail.
>> And are people still talking about this
guy, this creep?
That is unbelievable.
>> Just like you have the lone shooter
theory with JFK claiming that Lee Harvey
Oswald acted alone. He obviously didn't.
You have the lone sex trafficker theory
with Jeffrey Epstein. Nobody believes
the state line here. And this time, due
to social media and podcasts, nobody
believes anybody else believes this, and
it's not going away.
>> I know [music] for a fact documents are
being suppressed, and they're being
suppressed to protect individuals. Wired
magazine, a fairly conventional [music]
tech publication, just revealed that the
metadata from Jeffrey Epstein's prison
cell video [music] that was supposed to
point to a suicide had been edited,
likely using Adobe Premiere. And when it
was originally released, a whole minute
was missing. Gizlane Maxwell is in jail
right now for [music] sex trafficking,
but there are no perpetrators of the
actual crime. Who were her clients? She
sex traffked young women, too. You have
all these women, these victims coming
out, but you have no clients. That's a
basic logical fallacy.
>> Justice now is holding accountable the
perpetrators that helped him and [music]
participated with him.
>> That is unbelievable.
>> Finally, Team Trump is doing something
really interesting. They aren't just
engaging in the typical political food
fight. They could say that the FBI under
Biden just destroyed the evidence around
Epstein because Trump telegraphed that
they wanted transparency. But no, they
are acting like Epstein was some lone
sexual deviant who isn't part of some
larger shadow network that actively has
leverage over American leaders. They're
gaslighting and telling you to look
away. And quite honestly, they're acting
like they themselves are compromised.
>> Is there a lesson for you, for anyone
else looking looking at this?
>> Well, he's dead, so uh you know, in
general, you always have to be careful.
Uh,
anyways, like I said, everybody knows
all this stuff. I don't have to tell it
to you. What interests me and what we're
going to cover on the show are the
deeper threads around Jeffrey Epstein.
What was he actually doing?
>> He certainly was not a financeier in any
standard sense.
>> Really,
>> that was a cover story. Yes.
>> The thing with Epste was he was obsessed
with eugenics and creating his own race.
Like he would talk about his own shape
people.
>> Yeah. Yeah. Like guy, you know,
>> right? So, like maybe uh [laughter]
>> to figure out what the hell is going on
here, I brought my buddy Jay Anderson on
from Project Unity. He runs a great
channel that's gone deep into UFOs,
secret science, and ancient archaeology.
>> Okay? Cuz if they were taking eggs,
they've got underground laboratories,
right? I'm taken there in September. I
think they've taken my eggs. [music]
They clone a baby in 2002. No one ever
hears about anything again.
>> Perhaps one of the lesserk known threads
about Epstein was his obsession with
secret science. more specifically his
obsession with gravity and propulsion.
He would fly physicists out to his
island. Kip Thorren, Steven Hawking,
Marie Gellman. He funded Lawrence Krauss
on the order of $250,000.
I desperately want to know why Jeffrey
Epstein [music] knew so much about my
work.
And I want to know why he was connected
to my graduate program.
>> How did you know he was connected?
>> You can Google it.
But he was also obsessed with the
Casemir effect, a scientific anomaly
that might point to some form of zero
point or vacuum energy, and if harnessed
correctly, might unlock an entirely new
mode of interstellar propulsion.
On his little St. James Island, he built
a temple with a cult symbology, and one
of his victims claimed to see a UFO
while on Zoro Ranch.
>> I saw a UFO when I was there, you know,
outside at New Mexico. I went to have a
cigarette and I saw a weird like lights
flying and then I had the weird thing
waking up in the lab.
>> It was like he was a front, a global
honey trap for secret science,
arbitrageing the lameness of modern
academia and the sexual repression of
its scientists. Perhaps the weirdest
throughine with Epstein when it relates
to UFOs is the fact that former OSS
officer Donald Bar was headmaster of the
Dalton Preparatory School around the
time that Epstein got his job as a
teacher there. Remember the OSS was the
predecessor to the CIA.
Donald Bar wrote a sci-fi book called
Space Relations about a future where
humans have formed an intergalactic
empire ruled by aristocrats. Half the
book is about this intergalactic elite
class systematically trading underage
sex slaves and often using them to gain
leverage over other elites. Ring a bell?
Donald Bar's son is a guy named William
Bar, the attorney general under Trump,
who personally visited Epstein's jail
cell after he died to interview his last
known cellmate, Ephra Stone Reyes, who
apparently expressed skepticism around
Epstein's suicide. Reyes died
conveniently from CO shortly thereafter.
This is the kind of stuff that gets you
Epstein.
>> Here you go.
>> We discuss it all. a cult control
system, secret societies, mind [music]
control, Epstein, secret science, and we
even bring our special friend along,
Kurt Mezer.
>> The only guy who literally didn't work
with the [music] CIA is Steven Seagal.
>> Hey, why do Disney kids turn out how
they do? Well, Disney, the Rosian
[music] that allowed the CIA to do stuff
to him underneath Disneyland, and that's
real.
>> Insanity ensued. Maybe there is a
subterranean species that has lived on
this planet for a long time.
Jay's expressed some frustration with
UFO disclosure. He's also the only
channel to interview a former director
of the NSA [music] and deputy director
of the CIA on UFOs. But he's also more
recently gotten into ancient
archaeological secrets like acoustically
resonant caves at Malta and skulls that
look like gray aliens that they've found
there. He's also as deep as anybody on
the mysterious structure underneath the
pyramids.
>> Was there a golden age of aerospace
before our history started?
>> Without further ado, please enjoy this
week's American Alchemists, Jay Anderson
and Kurt Mezer.
>> It's cool, man. The the ADHD in this
room is real. Like, I've got it as well.
>> Today's episode is sponsored by Incogn.
>> At some point, you should try this.
Google your full name plus the city you
live in. You'll probably be shocked at
how many random websites are exposing
your personal information. Everything
from past addresses that you've lived at
to family members to risk profiles you
never agreed to. This data doesn't end
up online by accident. It's collected
and sold by data brokers, companies
you've never heard of that compile your
digital footprint and sell it to
advertisers, insurers, political groups,
and in the worst cases, scammers. Incogn
is an amazing service that forces those
data brokers to delete your personal
info. They contact over 250 of these
data brokers on your behalf, file the
removal requests, and follow up to make
sure it sticks. I personally signed up a
while ago and I still get regular
updates showing which sites my data has
been removed from. It works quietly and
in the background, and honestly, that's
the way I want it. No hassle or effort.
And now they've just launched a new
feature called custom removals, which is
part of their unlimited plan. Here's the
difference it makes. If you find your
data exposed on any website, even if
it's not part of their automated cleanup
system, you can now manually submit that
link directly to Incogn. Their privacy
team will personally handle the removal
request. You can do this an unlimited
number of times. It's a huge upgrade,
especially when your data shows up on
these weird, hard to navigate sites like
these. So, take your personal data back
now with Incogn. Use code American
Alchemy at the link below and get 60%
off your annual plan. Again, that's 60%
off. Just visit incogn.com/ameanalchemy.
It's not paranoid to care about basic
online privacy. It's protecting yourself
from bad actors that can mess with you
if they have your personal information.
And if you're a fan of this show and
into all these crazy topics, that's
probably top of mind for you. We're
linking this incredible deal from
Incogn. And now back to the episode. I'm
here with Jay Anderson, Project Unity.
Um I can't I've been so excited to do
this for for years, man.
>> Like it's just it's good to see you.
>> It's good to see you in person, man.
Yeah, absolutely. Um, yeah,
>> you've you've done some OG epic UFO
based interviews. I want to cover more
recently. You've done some amazing kind
of uh uh alternative uh it's dumb that
we have to call it. It's just
archaeological ancient civilization, you
know, stuff. But for now, it's
alternative. It will be the mainstream.
>> It's getting there. It's getting piece
by piece,
>> scan by scan.
>> That's right. Um, so I really want to
talk to you about what the [__] is under
the Egyptian pyramid.
>> You tell me, right? Like none of us
actually know, but it's looking
interesting.
>> Fascinating. I feel like you're as close
as anyone to the research team doing it.
You were just with them at the cosmic
summit. So, uh, thanks for being here,
man. I appreciate.
>> Most welcome, bro. It's a real pleasure
to be out in Texas for the first time.
Like I said to you, after this, I want
to try and find a place to shoot a few
guns.
>> Yeah. [laughter]
>> Yeah.
There is another person here that will
[laughter] be will be revealed in time.
>> They will be revealed.
>> Special reveal. Special reveal. And I
have a feeling this person knows where
to shoot guns in Austin, Texas.
>> Yeah. Maybe you can show them your place
to your [laughter] brother.
>> But before we get started, I'm going to
pull a Sean Ryan here.
>> Oh, okay.
>> And give you a special gift. This is our
cowboy theme to the camera
>> shirt.
>> Hey,
>> there you go.
>> That is sweet.
>> Pretty cool, right?
>> Let's have a look at that.
I love it, bro. This will be me on my
next podcast. I'll be wearing it,
>> dude. A
>> representing and respecting.
>> Let's go.
>> Thank you very much.
>> Appreciate you. Of course. Um, so yeah,
man. I want to start with the UFO stuff
because I feel like you did some really
important early work on this topic and
people need to watch some of these
interviews. You interviewed Oki Shannon
who was a lead project manager at Los
Alamos. Yeah.
>> And but also was doing research with Hal
Putoff in the sort of vigilante
>> the working group kind of thing going
on.
>> Exactly. When you're with a guy like
that cuz that was a great interview.
>> Yeah.
>> Um when you're with him offline,
>> do you get the sense that he knows more
than he can say? And that like cuz are
you are you is there a sense that like
there is a reverse engineering program
and he just can't talk about it and
there's some sort of undetectable dark
matter there or is there a sense that oh
you've kind of fallen prey to like the
public narrative around UFOs and
actually it's kind of this other stuff
that we don't quite understand. You know
what I'm saying? Get the
>> distinction. Oh absolutely. Because like
for me, especially kind of coming
through this subject over the last few
years, I will admit that a lot of it
starts to feel like campfire stories.
Just sometimes campfire stories with a
TSSCI clearance attached to it. So it's
like, you know, yeah, that sounds
amazing. But again, where's the
evidence? Where's the actual like hard
data for it? It's just a very
interesting story from no doubt an
interesting individual with an
interesting background. Um, but you
know, someone like Oak Shannon, I mean,
he said to me a few things. He said that
their working group in Los Alamos
National Labs. It was kind of like an
informal group cuz he was part of the um
what was it the theoretical physics
group in the Pentagon the ATP. I forgot
the actual name of it.
>> Yeah. We should give the context for the
audience. The advanced theoretical
physics working group and it's with Oki
Shannon and Halander.
Yeah. Stubble bine all these guys who
are kind of deep deep you know uh
esoteric alternative physics
>> and but also kind of you know they they
have real credentials I mean I mean Army
Insom Stubble bind John Alexander uh I
don't know I guess maybe Army Inscom as
well but maybe some DOE ties too you
know a lot of like very intense kind of
insidery types studying alternative
proportion
>> yeah and I think that you know so you've
got like this element where he was
clearly involved involved in like maybe
a formal but certainly an informal part
of his work was to look at the UFO
subject and he kind of looked at it as
uh he said that they concluded that
they're interdimensional objects coming
down into a lower dimensional plane. He
attributed it to the the book Flatland
where he said you know the the idea of
this spherical object coming down into a
two-dimensional plane you're only going
to see a cross-section a shadow of what
it truly is. and he's of the opinion
that that describes a lot of the UFO
phenomenon. But again, like you know,
it's like very interesting ideas,
interesting stories, interesting claims,
but I've yet to see any hardcore
evidence either way for any of these
things. And I think that's the issue
that I've come to in the UFO subject
specifically. And maybe that's what's
promoted me to slightly transition out
of it. Although I do think that ancient
history has a lot of connections and
correlations to the UFO field. Um,
again, collecting these stories over
time is really interesting, but I just
want further validation of what's
actually going on with this stuff. You
know what I mean?
>> Man, it's it's uh it gives you brain
damage. It's it's it's it's a huge
headache. And there is it. Truthfully,
it's a far cry. A saucer and a hanger
and some ephemeral interdimensional
object are two very different things.
>> Absolutely. And I don't know if these
things are being, you know, conflated or
if there are the the thing is I was
somewhat skeptical of the crash
narrative actually. And then I just
visited a crash site and what there I
don't know if you know who Scott and
Suzanne Ramsay are, but they're the
deepest on the Aztec crash in 1948.
>> Aztec crash. I thought that would be an
interesting one to investigate, you
know, as opposed to Roswell, which is
obviously extremely popular and in the
lore. And I came in expecting to be
like, "This is the [__] element of
the UFO story." And honestly, dude, I
came out being like, "I think there's
stuff to the crash."
>> What was it that piqu your interest the
most?
>> There were We went to the crash site and
the I mean, this is all filmed. The
trees were like spled out where a craft
seemed to have been like drugg through
the thing.
>> Yeah. with and this this this couple
Scott and Suzanne Ramsey have spent
$600,000
like and they're the most salt of the
earth like good people you'll ever meet
like there's no like
>> I think I did catch a Richard Dolan
interview with them back in the day
>> they're very close with so spending that
much time with them then realizing that
the the story like how this story came
out was this guy Silus Newton they they
claimed that he was part of some like
doodlebug hoax or whatever
>> but Silus Newton was worth $20 million
at the time which just for inflation
like it's like that guy doesn't need to
hustle people on a doodlebug oil thing.
He was very successful.
>> No, absolutely not.
>> Yeah. And then you have these FBI files
on Silus Newton and Gabau going way back
to the uh I think the 30s or something
and they're they're totally redacted.
So, I don't know. You know, I didn't
come out being like I'm 100% sure, but
it was it was it was eye opening for me
because I was like, maybe there are
these actual
>> I mean, I struggle like I struggle with
like the crashing of hyper advanced
alien vehicles. Maybe the disengaging
through some sort of exotic scalar wave
weapon system that we have or something
like that. But I'm I I tend to lean
towards that these are prototypes of our
own work that are crashing and you know
like happening all over the world
especially since it started kicking off
>> like you said Roswell 1940s50s cold war
exotic energy te towns and brown like
all of these things happening you know
cuz you've covered so much of that
fantastic work on TS and Brown by the
way I absolutely love that deep dive
>> I figure it's a hedge right it's like
you're if you're deep on the
anti-gravity and then you're deep on the
you know the UFO stuff like one of them
has to be right [laughter] the
anti-gravity stuff would explain Right.
>> Right. Right. I think I think there's
definitely been an incentive to create a
smoke screen and a perception that
anything that's operating in the skies
that's going against what we understand
to be like the kind of like standard
aerospace and aeronautical abilities is
an alien vehicle. And I think that's a
very convenient smoke screen. And I do
think that, you know, a lot of the
stuff, a lot of the talking points in
this kind of 2017 present day narrative
from like, you know, New York Times all
the way up to now is trying to create
this incentivization that it's actually
all alien. We can't explain all of this.
We don't know what this is. We don't
have this in our arsenal. We don't have
this in our weapon systems. And I
disagree with that entirely. I think
they absolutely do have it. So, I think
there's probably like I mean I'm
convinced that there is some form of
nonhuman intelligence interface whether
that's
>> dimensional and kind of bleeding in or
maybe even terrestrial to this planet
and hidden or actually a you know space
visitor from another planet. I'm open to
all of that, but I think that there is
definitely a case to be argued for a
massive smokec screen of classified
exotic energy.
>> Yeah, I agree with you fully. Uh uh one
of the other probably the craziest
interview ever done in UFO space not
done by me Ross Colthart. You I don't
know if you know what I'm about to say.
>> I have a feeling [laughter]
>> Bobby Ray Inman who was uh
>> highest level dude I've ever spoke to in
my life
anybody can ever speak to and they're
like that guy ran the government.
>> I have no idea why he agreed to do an
interview.
>> That was remarkable. So he was uh was he
head of the NSA?
>> He was head of NSA. He was head director
of the CIA.
>> Yeah. CIA, DIA, um I think the
>> Federal Reserve branch in Dallas or
something.
>> Um sic.
>> He was the head of everything and like
you know like the head hono.
>> If there is a legacy UFO program that
guy dude dude is like well yeah like one
of my one of my guys who's like a
veteran in the US Navy was like he's
definitely like MJ12 like you know he's
>> Yeah. has to if there is an MJ2 that
guy's on it. That's right. And I love
the interview. The whole thing's
hilarious cuz like you're doing this
like autobiographical thing for the
first like 45 minutes him up, right?
>> Yeah. Exactly. [laughter] And then at
the end you go, "So, uh, you know,
>> about the aliens."
>> Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. You go, "This
UFO researcher Bob Oxler called you."
[laughter]
>> Yeah. Yeah. Well, I mean like I mean in
in fairness, we absolutely smoothed it
out afterwards, but he he he did feel a
little bit like um he was brought in
under false pretense. When I was doing
some background research on you, I I
came across a fascinating little segment
from a documentary. It was a segment of
an interview that you had in 1989 with a
man called Bob Exler. Do you remember
speaking to a man called Bob? Yes,
>> I do.
>> Yeah. and and during during this
conversation, he asked you whether you
believed that the recovered vehicles
would ever be made available for
technical research outside of the
military circles. And and your response
to this was 10 years ago, I would have
said no, but whether time has evolved
and then they're beginning to become
more open on it, it's a possibility. So,
um obviously, correct me if I'm wrong,
but it just seems like you're suggesting
here that you're aware of retrieved UFOs
being studied by the military.
>> No, the answer is no. I would not. were
not absolutely were no retrieved UFOs. I
have high confidence.
>> Do do you uh anticipate that any of the
recovered vehicles would ever be uh
become available for uh technological
research outside of the uh military
circles?
>> Again, I honestly don't know.
>> Uh 10 years ago, the answer would have
been no.
>> Yes. uh whether as time has evolved
they're beginning to become more open on
it is a possibility. Uh, no. I mean,
like I told him that I wanted to talk
about UFOs, but I mean, again, the way
that came about was another buddy of
mine who was a US Navy veteran had an
old number for him.
>> And so, we called that number and it
went straight to voicemail. And so, we
left a voice message just saying, well,
he left a voice message cuz it's easier
for someone like that who's obviously
got connection to him to speak on my
behalf and just say, "Look, there's this
guy who's really interested in talking
to you."
>> And, uh, basically like a week went by
and we had nothing. And then my buddy
was like, "Hey, he's messaged back." And
it turns out that this phone number we
had for him was an old phone that was
like locked in a drawer. He just decided
to check it on a whim. He hadn't checked
it in years. No way.
>> Yeah, I know, right? And he saw this
voice message and decided to respond.
>> That's a that's a that's a we that's a
crazy synchronicity.
>> That's why at that point I was like this
man's going to say the truth like this
feels like it's aligned like this is
meant to be like this is crazy. So I was
like you know he wanted he was the only
guest who asked and it doesn't surprise
me for a pre-approved list list of
questions and talking points like what
are we going to go through? So I was
like, you know, obviously I need to
mention the fact that I want to talk
about UFOs, but I started off with
obviously like, you know, like the his
career background and geopolitics and
national security of today and what he
sees. And then, you know, at the bottom,
I was like, and I want to bring up the,
you know, 2017 UAP discussion and
everything like that. So I did say that,
but I don't think he was expecting me to
know about Bob Xler and actually have
receipts and be ready to kind of come at
him with like, you know, challenges. And
I have to say that, you know, with all
due respect to the admiral, you can see
the body language shift quite profoundly
when we move on to UFOs. Yeah. You can
see he's relaxed, he's talking, he's
enjoying kind of reflecting on his
career and everything, which is an
incredible career. I mean, my god, this
guy is just like, you know, up at the
absolute apex.
>> But then once we get into UFOs, even
when I'm just asking the question, man,
he's, you know, it starts getting tight.
He starts bringing his body in. And when
I asked him that first question, he was
just like, "No, no, no. Absolutely not.
No UFOs. None at all. like no way. And
then a few times during the interview
which I think must have been him
misspeaking but it was kind of strange
where he kept saying uh I am extremely
confident that there is no other life in
our galaxy.
>> I have a high level of confidence
that within our galaxy
there is no other living life.
>> And I was like you know solar system
would make sense but he said galaxy like
three times. How can you be confident?
>> And also at the end of this, he said
something along the lines of, "I I don't
think I've given you what you were
looking for, but I hope you'll listen
very carefully to what I've said to
you."
>> So, I have listened back and I'm trying
to figure out what it was that you guys
putting in. But this whole thing where
it was like there's no life in the
galaxy. It's like,
>> well, we should we should send our
audience off now to decode this
interview and the message Jay if you
find any sort of meta messages. Yeah,
cuz I'm fascinated in what he was trying
to say. I feel like he was trying to put
something down that I haven't picked up
yet. So,
>> yeah.
>> Yeah. Who knows?
>> Well, that I mean,
>> that was wild. Yeah.
>> So wild. So wild. But the Bob Oxer call
is so just crazy and interesting because
you have you hear Bobby Rinman say
>> like Yeah. You know, maybe at some point
this will come out, but not now.
>> Like Yeah.
>> And he's speaking so casually.
>> Yeah. And there's a few there's a few
like news clips of Exlera going on the
news and saying like Yeah. Well, you
someone said to him, you know, do you
think that this could just be fraudulent
and fake? And he's like, well, Admiral
Bobby Ray Inman convinced me that these
were flying sauces from an alien
species, so I'm pretty okay with that.
And it's just like, well, damn, man.
Like, he's like reiterating this over
and over. A few people have said that it
was maybe uh, you know, misqued from
that documentary where you've got the
recording, but here's Exler on the news
a few different times reiterating that
Admiral Lim made him like absolutely
confident and positive. And Oxler seemed
markedly more reasonable than a lot of
UFO researchers. Like he he himself was
an aerospace
>> guy. He was a NASA specialist I think at
some point in his life. And again, yeah,
very calm, spoken, intellectual guy that
was just being very matterof fact with
it and just saying, well, no, I mean,
from where I'm sitting, the admiral
essentially has convinced me that these
are recovered vehicles that we're
working on. And you know,
>> and there's no way that you could be
mistaken and it could have been an
airplane helicopter, something of that
nature. Well, Admiral Inman convinced me
that uh these vehicles were uh not
manufactured by human technology. So
that's pretty conclusive for me.
>> That's it. That's it. So again, I think
it's I think it's true. I wouldn't even
go against the idea that there's been
some archaeological finds from like, you
know, the old world. I mean, I'm diving
into prehistory right now and getting
into that, seeing so many anomalies that
are so advanced and so contradictory to
our models. You think about things like
the the Vmanas of ancient India and
like, you know, these stories that you
have flying chariots. It's like, okay,
was there a golden age of aerospace
before our history started? Is some of
that under the ground? I think even
Grush talked about recoveries, right?
The Italians recovered something back in
193.
The magenta crash,
>> I think. Yeah, I think there's a case to
be said for like archaeological finds as
well.
>> I think so, too. Well, it somehow it
just feels somewhat arbitrary if UFO
crashes only occurred 1947 and onwards
because of nuclear
>> only in New Mexico
>> and only [laughter] in New Mexico.
That's feels like extremely anthropocent
or egocentric and nationcentric,
>> right? Right.
>> Uh you know that yeah there's a whole
field of forbidden archaeology which
you're kind of diving into which this
all this megalithic architecture and I'm
I wonder if UFOs, aliens and crashes are
a part of that. I don't know and I don't
have any evidence. But it would it
wouldn't make sense to me that there
would be this stark dividing line where
it just starts in the atomic age. Well,
it kind of gets back to like, you know,
like how do you want to look at aliens
from the ancient ancient perspective?
You look at theologic texts like the
book of Enoch, the Watchers or the
Anunnaki or the Nephilim, you know, the
ones that came down and slept with the
the women of men and made these like,
you know, hybrid species. It's like,
okay, a lot of different texts speak
about this in variations, but there's
kind of a similar theme of giant beings
or some other type of being that came in
interface with us. So, that's kind of
like how you might look at it from the
ancient perspective. And you see some of
these megalithic stone building sites
all over the world. It's like, okay,
humans aren't capable, at least from our
understanding of history and
capabilities at that time, we couldn't
do that. So where does that and
especially, you know, not to get off on
a tangent, but with the ancient
megalithic sites like Stonehenge or
other other parts of the world, it's not
just the engineering, it's the
alignment, it's astronomy, it's
mathematics. Some of them are even
acoustically tuned to produce strange
effects from reverberation. So it's like
it's a complex set of knowledge that is
then globally represented all over the
world. And that says to me that there
was someone who really knew what they
were talking about with a lot of
different areas of of science and
engineering and astronomy that was
putting this together and then inspiring
people to do it all over the world. So
whether that's an interface with
non-human intelligence or just a
completely different variation of human
intelligence that we've long forgotten,
I don't know. But there's a profound
mystery there.
>> There's something else. There's clearly
the primitive to progress narrative that
we're being spoonfed by like Stephen
Pinker and you know that's just that's
obviously BS. That's like obviously
wrong. Yeah. And you don't have to
necessarily you know wholesale agree
with Eric von Danakin or something to
say that like
>> dude even just taking like one foot off
of the conventional path you start going
holy [__] like this is not right.
>> Well there's just no yeah there's just
no way some of this stuff could have
could have been built. And so I think we
have to like not necessarily cross the
tea or dot the eye artificially, but
like there's there's something going on
like absolutely like that narrative is
wrong.
>> And it's kind of like, you know, it's
like polar opposites of the argument
like the mainstream who are very
reductive and and in their little
refined channel and then obviously on
the polar opposite you got people who
are like it was absolutely built by the
Nephilim or we don't know. We don't know
that. But it's definitely a mystery.
Like it hasn't hasn't been addressed. It
hasn't been satisfactory put to the
side. And there's so much of that like
whether it's history or you know the
anomalies and UFOs like that's why I
kind of feel like they're cotangent they
are connected together you know there's
a lot of influence in you know the
wheels of Ezekiel and these incredible
visions that people have had throughout
time if they had it today that would be
a UFO experience
>> totally you know.
>> Yeah exactly that would just be part of
the modern
>> a presence that's been here throughout
time.
>> Yeah I think so too. Um another guy that
you interviewed John Ramirez.
>> Yeah he's an interesting cat.
>> Super interesting guy. Former CIA
>> Yeah. the GS15.
>> GS15 and he's come out now and I think
on your show as well saying that like
he's sure we have hybrid programs, human
alien hybrid programs.
>> Yeah.
>> And that's the word that uh Louis
Alzando can't say that everyone's uh
everyone in the Pentagon is expecting
him to say someday is that we're all
hybrids. Personally, I believe this is
one of the core secrets. That's my
personal opinion.
>> When you hear him say that, are you
like, you know, this is legit. This is
CIA disinfo. What's your
>> middle ground, man? Like grain of salt.
Like, you know what I mean? Like, take
everything with a grain of salt. I I I
all respect to John Ramirez, and I'm not
applying this to him, but something that
I've definitely felt over the years of,
you know, being thrown into interfacing
with people in the intelligence
community is they're really good at
becoming your friend,
>> right? [laughter]
>> When you've got an influential platform,
you know what I mean? Really good at
becoming your friend, and they're very
likable, and they're easy to become
friends with. But, you know, again, it
comes back to that thing of how much of
this can be validated. How much of this
has been evidenced? I'd say, you
know,.1% of that, right? So, like John
Ramirez, super interesting guy. I think
he's actually genuinely passionate about
the subject and he's an experiencer.
>> You know, you find a lot of these people
in in the agency like within the CIA,
you know, it seems to be a hallmark of
like these guys who have got quite high
up in the ranks of that particular
agency is they've got like some weird
ideas and you know, that's that's what
they want, right? They want out of the
box thinkers. So, of course, you're
going to get people in these agencies
that believe in all of that, but
>> but you expect that ter.
[laughter]
I'm a big fan of this guy, so I'm so
happy he's here.
>> This is how I dress when I watch Jazz
show at home.
>> Oh, I love it, man. [laughter]
>> I can see that like a Templar.
>> Yeah.
>> Oh, that figures in.
>> Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah. That figures in.
>> It was funny. I actually I when I met I
met Eric Mondanakin
>> and I asked you know on all these things
he was like super like you know these
crazy handwavy theories and then I asked
him about the Templars and he goes there
are secrets that I cannot talk about
>> and I was like I was like really Eric
Mandan like you know like a little
>> word for have that antique shop
[laughter]
>> was that Eric Mondanin has an antique
shop
>> you know what's interesting about um the
Templars as well in respect to Egypt
Just a little little bit of quick
trivia. Yeah. Is that the the Great
Pyramid of Giza, you know, it's
eight-sided.
>> The great the pyramid of Giza is
>> Eight- sided. Very subtle. And it can be
seen it can be seen from above.
>> Uhhuh.
>> But if you get an aerial of this at at a
certain point in time, you can actually
see that instead of four sides, it's got
these like um indentations that create
an eight-sided pyramid.
>> Wa.
>> The Templar flag is an eight-sided
pyramid turned into a 2D shape. So, if
you take the Templar flag and you create
into a threedimensional object, you get
the great pyramid of Giza.
>> Wow. Oh yeah,
>> there's a you've interviewed a guy who
is the modern grandmaster
with him.
>> That's Timothy Hogan.
>> Timothy Hogan. Yeah.
>> Yeah. Plug in. Yeah.
>> Went with Sir Timothy.
>> I went I was I was brought into the
King's Chamber by him personally.
>> What's his real Templar?
>> He's a real Templar. Yeah. He's got his
receipts.
>> Well, I got some Okay. Well, that's
disturbing. [laughter]
>> But but but but don't you guys think if
you were They're real Templars today.
>> Yeah. They wouldn't like dress up like
they like Kurt or be like Timothy Hogan.
>> They would be like these like subtle
>> Well, I mean like it's like it's like
there's levels, right? Like
>> gypto magnific.
[laughter]
>> When are you doing your
>> Halloween costume level?
>> Zawi, did you watch?
>> Of course. I watched a super cut. I
couldn't do the three hours.
>> They were arguing over a carpet.
>> It was [__] insane.
Joe, that was probably the worst podcast
he's ever done.
>> Like the next guest, he was like, "That
was the worst [__] podcast I've ever
done." [laughter]
>> And and Zahi goes at some point the he's
bombing. Zah he's doing so badly and
then halfway in he goes I'm doing a
speech in Houston in Houston. Will you
introduce me? He's like, "Fuck
[laughter] no."
>> He's like, "Dude, I'm busy.
>> I'm busy. I'm a busy guy."
>> Yeah. No, dude. It was like you're
buying electronics for 40 seconds. You
know what's crazy about that is I
guarantee you he still walked out of
that studio going,
>> "I did a great job. I did a great job.
I've nipped that in the butt."
>> Well, that's his job.
>> His job is to go and do that.
>> I won't lie. I'm like I'm like like 50%
nervous about going through checks in
Cairo when I head out there. [laughter]
>> If I don't come back, bro, I'm gone.
Like someone's taking me.
>> No, they'll just be like, "You can't
come in."
>> Yeah. Well, don't think if you're on a
major platform and you said anything, I
mean, I probably destroyed it for you.
I'm sorry.
>> That's okay. It's all right. I mean, he
sounded they've accepted my plane
ticket. I put my passport details in. I
got green lit, so I should be all right.
But we'll see how
>> I work for the Whiz at when I was
younger, you know, in my many astral
travel.
>> The Wiz.
>> Nobody beats The Wiz, the electronic
store.
>> Oh, you worked for The Wiz.
>> Yeah, I was a salesman.
>> Oh,
>> you know, that's how I developed my
>> And felt like your manager there.
>> No, felt I was in Bricktown, New Jersey,
but in New York where those store, you
know, you don't mess with the Zohan
movie, they show it.
>> Yeah. Yeah.
>> They're like Sony Guts. Sony [laughter]
Guts.
Okay. It's a very Middle Eastern
>> uh bizarre way of dealing with things
[laughter] and that's how they are.
>> You come, I show you.
>> Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.
>> Yeah. And he's apparently he's like kind
of sketchy. Like he he sells on the
black market like but he literally
profits off it.
>> I wouldn't be surprised. And you know
what's interesting about Zahas is like
back in like the 1990s, I want to say
like 1992,
>> he was uh giving a speech at a
university in Cairo where he was like
there are subterranean labyrinths
underneath the plateau. So there are
entrances from the Sphinx to the
pyramids that tell us a lot more about
who really built them. And then 2 years
later he changed his tune and has never
changed it back.
>> Okay.
>> So something happened.
>> So right there was Zias.
>> Also, did you know he was funded by the
Ed Casey Foundation?
>> I was about to ask if you knew that.
>> Yeah, bro.
>> What? So what's the sign?
>> So you know Ed
and he made all these predictions about
the halls of Ameny and the lost records
of Egypt. So the Edka Casey Foundation
funded Zahawas. So like he started off
on this esoteric kind of truth seeker
style funding and idea and then I want
to say about 1993 after that speech that
he gave
>> you think somebody like got
>> I would not be surprised.
>> Wait, hold that thought of Hawas. You
can apply that to most of the people.
>> Yeah, for real.
>> That are like why are you 180 degrees
from the thing you said before?
>> Right. Right.
>> Oh well here's the reason.
>> They're compromised. You don't got
>> Yeah. You don't It doesn't have to be
blackmail. It could be. Well, how about
I make you rich? Silver lead is the
great Pablo,
>> right?
>> Plateau Opo,
>> if someone's telling you real info,
okay, and you're talking about it here.
>> Um, listen, if you ever the remember
Gary Webb, the guy that knew the CIA
brought Coke into the hood. So, the old
black guy conspiracy that people that I
was dismissive of,
>> they'd be putting co crack in the hood.
>> That's exactly what they did. And you
know how I know they did? Because the
reporter that reported it shot himself
twice in the head.
>> Hey. Yeah. How tragic.
>> Yeah, it happens, right?
>> You You [laughter] look so ridiculous.
>> Listen,
>> if you wanted to stigmatize all
everybody, [laughter]
>> I want to make it clear. Listen, I'll
make it clear. I'm not a journalist. I'm
not in the space.
>> But you kind of are. Well, Kurt has a
crazy story. I We will get back to No,
it's cool. You know some [__]
>> Like I said, I'm fully pumped to have
Kurt here. Well, you know, Kurt doesn't
doesn't remember part of his childhood
because he was in the gifted and
talented education program.
>> It's just smart kid classes. It's fine.
>> And now I know a lot of esoteric stuff.
>> Oh, you were in the same Well, they
teach you remote viewing and all that
kind of stuff.
>> I I have no idea. I don't remember a
single part of it. My brother and sister
in it. I asked my mom to like
>> And now he's super deep.
>> From what ages from what ages?
>> I don't know.
>> They don't. Your parents didn't tell
you.
>> My mom don't remember. If your parents,
they go, "Hey, your son's got a high IQ
and you're going to be gifted and
talented. You think your parents give a
[__] shit?"
>> They don't. They're like, "Whoa,
>> everybody's conditioned for a pat on the
head in this society. That's the occult
prison that you live in. So you go, "Oh,
I got a good I'm a expert,
>> right? That's kindergarten. You know,
the
>> the Prussian school that we use for some
reason."
>> Yeah. The [__] you think that is?
>> Yeah, that's weird. Is that normal?
>> That is weird, actually. Like, why do we
have that? because at age five,
[laughter]
>> we don't call it that in the UK, but
it's Yeah.
>> Oh, it came from So, we have a lot to
thank the UK for here in this country.
Certainly, uh, and definitely you do.
Uh, but our entire schooling system is
designed to compartmentalize you,
>> right,
>> out of the gate. I mean, and I'm not
telling you any esoteric secrets. It's
written down openly.
>> Absolutely.
>> Because it was the Prussian miracle. So,
they sent people from all How did you
get such control over your citizens?
Because this guy found out that 70% of
the troops I always thought those old
timey guns didn't really shoot straight.
No, 70% of people don't pull the
trigger. They miss on purpose.
>> This is a problem.
>> Right. Right. Right.
>> How do we fix this? Oh, you're with
mommy and daddy too long. I got to get
you before that third brain wave you get
that tells you what reality is.
>> Six is too late. Me and Rogan talk about
Joe went to went at age six. It's too
late. You've already been imprinted with
mommy and daddy. He did a gift as well.
>> I'm not talking about that. I'm talking
about kindergarten.
>> Oh, okay. Right. Right. Right.
>> Okay. I'm talking about if you go look
into how we got our school system, it's
real it's it's real weird. And uh the
goal is to So here's a uh 20 years ago,
prek suddenly became a thing in New
York. You Oh, you got to go to prek
because outcomes are better for kids
that go to prek. Wow.
>> I didn't go to prek. My mom taught me to
read at home and I went to kindergarten.
>> Why is that so important? because it's
not working. We got to get you away from
mommy earlier so that the government can
get it dick in your brain.
>> Dynamic. Absolutely. [laughter] Yeah.
>> Okay. So, here's some esoteric real
esoteric. And I just discerned this like
a regular manly pee hole. You got a
right left brain. So, you watch these
secular materialist scientists.
>> Yeah.
>> Your Mike Degrass Tyson's and what have
you.
>> Neil deGrasse Tyson.
>> Neil Degrass.
>> Whatever nerd.
>> You just mashed up Mike Tyson. Well,
[laughter]
>> that would be a sick combo.
>> It would be a sick combo.
>> [__] physicist.
>> I prefer Mike personally. I think he
does more.
>> It's called steganography. Shout out to
DJ.
>> Dark journalist. [laughter]
>> Yeah, dude.
>> Yeah, because the octagon thing I got
off of him and Joseph P. Frell.
>> Mhm.
>> Uh trying to get an interview of him. I
love Joseph P. Ferrell.
>> Okay. So, that guy blew my blew my mind,
dude. And
>> I would Here's what's so funny about
watching cuz you're hitting on a bunch
of I seen your show. You guys hit on
some good points.
>> Thanks, brother.
>> How old are you, though?
>> 30.
>> How old are you?
>> 33.
>> Okay. So, you're still at the age you
figured out the scam yet.
>> And by the time I'm 48, finally old
enough to serve in Ukraine. [laughter]
>> And when you figure out the scam, here's
how it works. [__] you. You're 48,
[__] [laughter]
The 30-year-olds still believe
>> there's new suckers for the thing. So,
all believe in the whole thing. So now
all this UFO [__]
>> what blew my mind was when I looked into
it, it turns out a bunch of this stuff's
been disclosed over and over and over
like the wheel of Sam Sorium.
Yeah. But what you don't realize, so
then you're like,
>> but then what's the deeper truth? Like
cuz I like look I'll watch I watch Dark
Journalist and like it's like ASMR for
conspiracies that never resolve. He
goes, "Do you know about this?" You
know,
>> that's you're in that same space.
Mystery School did talk about
>> J.J. Abrams mystery box storytelling.
>> Okay.
>> You remember J.J. Abrams mystery box
method.
>> He does a TED talk about it,
>> right?
>> Okay. Basically, the the show Lost Yeah.
>> and Scientology are the same basic
>> mystery box. Sure.
>> You stick with it and get invested.
>> Yeah.
>> And when and you get a shitty ending.
>> Well, that's another thing is the
influence of Scientology in the UFO
community cuz now there's a big presence
of like CIA. Exactly. How big do you
think it is? Scientology is the How do I
think it is? Yeah. How big do you think?
>> Well, I mean like you know they they
infiltrated the CIA and a few different
agencies
so white. Yeah. Yeah. Exactly.
Agency infiltration multi [laughter]
wisdom has been growing. It is truly
operation snow white. So that was when
they did that huge like infiltration of
multiple agencies including the IRS, CIA
with an incentive to try and uh promote
psychic research and these types of
ideas and prevent them from kind of
stopping it taxree status.
>> Yeah. And it was you not know about
this?
>> I know about the fights with the
government around the biggest
infiltration of it was wild.
>> But how how like um prevalent was it?
Did it work? And
>> they got caught. They got caught. So I
don't think it fully worked but it
worked for for a time like you know they
managed to create influence and
obviously they're very powerful but I
think that there's like genuinely a
thread of ufology that comes back to
obviously Scientology go a bit further
back Helen Levatsky theosophy the
esoteric school
>> and like I wouldn't be surprised if some
of these people in government because
when you actually get to know them or
you find out more about them you find
out that
>> beyond the the you know the tight suit
and the the bureaucracy is a esoteric
person that's into like the Otto or
Golden Dawn or whatever right yes
brother so like you know I think that
what they're trying to do at least my
opinion and actually the guy that you
wanted to hear more about, my friend who
was speaking, he'd be able to tell you a
lot more. He believes and I would agree
that there is a an element of the
government that's quite radical that
truly believes in some of these old
esoteric systems and they're trying to
essentially manifest the UFO reality
into the world by creating a consensus
of it, right? So, they're creating this
narrative or creating this push
>> like like an aggregor.
>> Yeah, like an aggregor. cuz it's just
weird how, you know, you tap into these
guys who are like, you know, bureaucrats
and national security and then you find
out that they've got like, you know,
talking points from Otto and Golden Dawn
and they're drawing pentagrams and
they're showing you the alchemist
triangle and it's like Matthew Brown who
just came out through this guy
mathematics and [__] like that like you
know
>> you see the Okay, so here's how I got
into my esoteric knowledge. I I was uh
>> so I I was watching the Charles Hall
talls tall whites documentary. I I just
interviewed him.
>> Is he alive?
>> Yeah, he's alive.
>> I have a lot of questions for him,
>> but he's he's a trip.
>> A couple of the guys that were with me
who had seen them thought that they were
ancient Egyptians who had somehow or
another gotten into Indian Springs
Valley and trapped there and were still
using their own hieroglyphics.
>> Who thought that?
>> Uh
a couple of the other rangemen. Yeah.
>> So, here's like a windup dog. It didn't
make that was weird.
>> Oh, I I think I have some theories. So
Charles Hall now when usually when you
hear UFO stuff
>> it it's like some goofy like Star Trek
[__]
>> right?
>> And this guy he made a real specific
point that they're not here to save the
whales. In fact, the tall whites told
him they think it's unusual that we like
ride horses and live like they said on
most of the civilized worlds to him the
spec dominant species kills off anything
that could be a threat to them.
>> Wow.
>> You ever hear anybody talk that way when
they talk about our space brothers? I
haven't.
>> The way he described it, it sounded like
we're Guam or something,
>> right?
>> Okay. Now, keep in mind if you talk to
him, he's got a real a shucks. But you
you just picked up on something with it.
That guy's got a nuclear physics degree.
So, don't be fooled by country dumb.
>> Uhhuh.
>> As soon as I'm watching, I'm like, so
I'm laughing when I'm first watching cuz
they're called tall whites. We're as
strong as gorillas compared to them.
>> That's a detail, right?
>> If you touch one of them, they'll kill
you. Very weak.
>> Yeah. And I'm like, "Wait a minute. I've
heard this before. You're telling me
there's taller, whiter things that are
[laughter]
that are doing the old British style.
They show up and we're little ugly like
beast style monsters."
>> I'll take
>> When he tells a story,
>> it sounds like like we're a Raj from the
colonies.
>> Yeah. Right. Right.
>> So, all I do is look for themes like uh
Diana Pulka. I think she made this word
up, myth themes, but I like it. That's
the Legos the stories are built out of
and they repeat.
>> So I watch everything, man. I don't just
watch like I'm on a news show. See, and
I noticed with everybody that's follows
this stuff,
>> just the idea that you're wondering if
you can the intel people are going to
it. That's because you're
compartmentalized.
>> Right.
>> Remember Eric Weinstein? I don't know if
he was with you on that video, but on
Rogan, he goes, "And don't tell me it's
compartmentalization.
>> Why would I tell you that?"
>> Right. Right. Right. Do you understand
the pyramid structure that we seem to be
obsessed with?
>> Well, the ultimate compartmentalization
would also be these occult sort of Yeah.
compartmentalizing a person. And like
there's a Terrence McKenna quote that I
sent you that's like amazing, right? And
you've done some absorb every lecture
he's ever done. He like haunts my brain.
>> He's incredible. And he says, you know,
uh a secret is not something that isn't
told. It's something that cannot be
told. which is like that's the ultimate
if you want a control system or
something like that's the best way to
create
>> got from their journey to the
>> to meet with the old man of the mountain
>> they got some [__] that's
>> let me let me throw out a goofball a
goofball hypothesis of mine okay
>> that I got after Rogan told me intel
people told him China was injecting
their people were their kids with stuff
raise their IQ
>> immediately I know we did way worse than
that automatically cuz China did it yeah
>> okay and so now we got One in 32
autistic kids.
>> That's wild. The the rate.
>> Oh, yeah. I wonder how that happened.
>> Yeah, it's insane.
>> Okay. You know, [clears throat] don't
attribute to malice. What you contribute
to incompetence? No, it's malice, my
friend. And okay, let's look at what
what are the features of autism.
>> Okay.
>> Uh
>> hyperfocus.
>> Yeah. Hyperfocus. Weird about sex. In
fact, you could program them, tell them
what gender they are, and they'll say
they'll believe it. Christian Chan, the
inverted Christ. Is that if you ever
heard of Chris Chan?
>> There go our sponsors. [laughter]
>> Are you sponsored by um Sonic Jew comic
books? [laughter]
>> I think we don't have to be sponsored by
Monsanto to get them pulled for this
episode.
>> No, no, you don't understand. They made
these. They love all the products. No
matter how bad you [__] up Star Wars,
they're going to watch it and tears will
form in their eyes that a new Star Wars
came out. They buy those stupid vinyl
bobblehead whatever the [__] people buy.
They're the perfect consumer. The goal
laid out when they invented
kindergarten.
>> Who hurt you, bro? [laughter]
>> Literally the entire system I'm in.
>> It sounds like something real.
>> I went to beef. [laughter]
>> Also, I was in gate.
>> All right.
>> Well, he was in. So, this is
interesting.
>> I don't remember nothing about I'm not
accusing him of nothing. You have Jake
Barber coming out talking about gifted
and talented education program. Well,
yeah. He talks about it in also in the
context of, you know, Skywatcher and
these sort of psionic assets. You know,
it seems like the Stranger Things kind
of narrative might be more real than
than we realize.
>> Called M talk originally and there is a
girl that was 11.
>> Did you know that?
>> No, that's a real person.
>> Yeah. You know, a lot of this stuff. So,
I sent you the link. They
>> You sent me You sent me too many links
to go through. I cannot.
>> Well, they've already got you because
you look here's what I when you said
ASMR. This is why so Nathan Reynolds is
who referred me to Dark Journalist. And
what I love about it is I don't care
about your production and all that other
[__] I already feel that's a layer
of a cult between me and what I want to
know.
>> So, and and Dan's productions are low.
He's holding up.
>> Yeah. Yeah.
>> Yeah.
>> That makes me trust him more. You trust
people. Good production.
>> That makes total sense. But I just I
want him to
map it out a little more clearly.
Sometimes I'm like there's not I don't
know if there's there will I'll listen
to the whole thing and I'll be like what
happened. I don't really like I'm with
you guys on all the interesting esoter
and look all you got to do.
>> Yeah, that's right. That's the [__]
mystery box, bro. You're just saying it
now.
>> Okay. No, here's why. You can lie to me
if you want. I don't care if you're an
intel guy. I don't have nothing to hide
and I don't give a [__] So to go ahead
and lie and whatever. I'm going to get
data off you either way,
>> right?
>> Cuz I'm going to figure out why you're
lying to me.
>> Well, it's built in the lie.
>> Well, that's why that's why the move in
this space is like talk to everybody
because they think you
>> No, it isn't. It's not. They want
certain people and I want to talk to
people you can't talk to and who would
you talk to if you
>> Okay. My friend Emma has a show called
Imagination Podcast that was on YouTube
about MK Monarch, which link I sent you
has been acknowledged. I didn't know
that. I'm obsessed with that.
>> Tell the audience what MK MK that's one
of the successors to Ultra.
>> Right. Right. Right.
>> Oh. Oh, your your King Charles has that
little butter. Yeah. Little butterfly.
>> He's in a his portrait.
>> That portrait is one of the [__]
scariest looking things I've ever seen.
It's just like crimson blood. Like the
whole thing is just burger. It's freaky,
dude. And Hill Monarch Butterfly. him
and Lord Mountbatton
>> and uh Jimmy Savile used to all hang out
together
>> and they all had special black berets
made. Now that's not in the military
there. That's a special unit of just the
three amigos.
>> Jimmy Savile was so influential in the
UK that he was spending his Christmases
at checkers where the prime minister
would spend it and he would go in and
out of this.
>> Jimmy Savile he was a BBC presenter very
famous and he is the most prolific sex
offender and child sex offender in in
the UK history. you know his victim.
>> He he he was never caught during his
time. He it all came out after he died.
>> He had written Do you know had written
on his gravestone? You know that?
>> Well,
>> on his gravestone it was it was fun
while it lasted.
>> Oh yeah.
>> Now, but did you notice what Jimmy
Savile and now at the time when I saw
this story I didn't realize that that he
was like a wizard,
>> right?
>> But then I his charity because he did
they didn't know.
>> It's like
>> dude he had a spare key to a child's
hospital. He would like live there. It's
insane. Like hospital.
>> Yeah. He had a spare key and he would
live on the walls of a Is it true? This
is true. He was a demon. An absolute
demon. Like good friend of King.
>> If any of them exist, this [__]
is a demon. And he was good friends with
him. He would punish the he could waltz
into Buckingham Palace like he owned the
place, man. And then you fast forward
and you've got Epste and Andrew. It's
like patterns.
>> And isn't there like a photo of Kevin
Spy at Buckingham Palace?
>> And then Ralph Harris did the Queen's
painting.
>> What What do you What This is insane.
What do you guys think of this Cash
Patel going on Joe's show being like if
I would have
>> I've heard your opinion killed himself.
Epstein killed himself and then they
have Dan Bonino next to him on
>> coming in in his sportsware and first of
all number one athleisure. [laughter]
>> I want to make this clear because this
is how how a cult [__] projecting
yourself magic works. First you reframe
the argument wrong.
>> I don't care if Epste we're not looking
for justice for Epstein.
>> Right. Right.
>> Okay. So, first they keep it on that to
trick you, right? Now, we're not even
talking about why are all the people
that went there still in power. Exactly.
>> Hey, Trump's in now. Right.
>> Hey, I remember Qanon. Where's all the
arrests? Where's all the whatevers? Then
I'll watch UFO [__] and they go, "Oh,
yeah, they actually executed these
people on the moon."
>> Right.
>> And then you go like the discrepancy
with Pam Bondi saying there's thousands
of pages. like all this evidence saying
this and it's like whoa
>> I forgot Iran I forgot about that
>> what's going on here like so yeah
there's a clear discrepancy there and
then it's like it's just if you zoom out
it's so obvious that this was this
comprom gathering technique in order
blackmail operation in order to control
things at the high
who are they blackmailing that's what we
want to know I don't care about the list
his client list is like it's Israel but
whatever
>> I wonder I kind of wonder if like the
Elon on Trump thing. I don't know. Like
I want
>> I believe Elon more than Trump because
uh Elon's black guy and his Now I watch
people say this. I can't believe how
stupid this is. Oh, he must have been on
ketamine and he rage tweeted. Is that
what ketamine does the horse
tranquilizer?
>> No, you you have to believe that Elon
believes that Trump was on the Epstein
>> list for sure. It was interesting.
>> He said files and Trump is we know that
already.
>> Elon gave us no new information. M he g
he threw out a shot but he didn't reveal
anything. Trump is in it. Everyone who's
in charge is in that thing. Doesn't mean
they did it.
>> Exactly. Because you know Epstein was
like such a powerhouse in the financial
sector that you know it's going to just
be a given that people will interact
with him in that world without ever
touching the sides of what he was doing
in the background. You know what I mean?
Like
>> Tuesdays with stories
>> Mark Norman Joe List show. They probably
won't appreciate me promoting it because
they're going it'll probably be bad.
Lewis Black was on and blew the whole
thing wide open. I've tweeted it. I
repeat it all the time. Lewis Black went
to Epstein's mansion in New York with
Bobby Sllayton, my buddy from doing the
Nasty Show,
>> right?
>> I know that Bobby and Louis Black are
not doing a thing. He was an influential
New York billionaire in the biggest
house in New That's crazy rich.
>> Okay. So, yeah. All right. I've done
gone all kinds of I met all kinds of
people from this.
>> Lewis Black's story is so interesting.
He walks in the door. There's a marker
board where they go in and there's all
it looks like football plays or
something.
>> And Epste goes, "Yeah, the defense
minister of Israel was just here. We
were just going over defensive ideas."
And Lewis Black says in the video,
"Look, it's on my Twitter. Look it up."
He goes, he got so creeped out. He goes,
"First of all, where the [__] was that
guy here? Why would he talk to you about
it? Why are you telling me that?"
>> Right. Right. Right.
>> Right.
>> Wasn't it documented that Ahood Barack
and Epstein
>> Oh, yeah. Yeah. And Bill Richardson.
>> Bill Richardson, New Mexico governor.
>> Oh, you talked to the New Zealand woman
that I did. One of the victims, right?
>> Yeah. Juliet Byron, I think her second
name is.
>> And what did she what did she have to
say?
>> Well, she she she approached she got
brought in as a as a young model, right?
She was trying to start off her modeling
career and she got introduced to them
and, you know, flown out to the island
and from there it was kind of like you
can't go anywhere and you you're now a
prisoner. So she was very quickly
brought into that, not as a child, but
as a young young model. Right.
>> And on the wall there was a big artwork
of a a woman being raped by a walrus.
>> Oh wow.
>> Yeah. I'll share it with you if you want
to um share it. The the scary thing is
that it it's not really a painting. It
looks more like a photograph. And the
girl's lying on a glacia and she's got
like ECG things here and she's being
basically raped by a walrus. And uh she
alongside some of the other women think
that they were actually harvesting their
eggs, you know, like Zoro Ranch where
they were trying to Yeah. Well, the
thing with Epstein was he was obsessed
with eugenics and creating his own race.
Like he would talk about his own people.
Yeah. Yeah. Like guy, you know,
>> right? So like maybe uh [laughter]
maybe uh you know, maybe he was doing
something along those lines with people
like that. She certainly felt that way.
>> Okay. Cuz if they were taking eggs,
they've got underground laboratories,
right? So then 1996 they cloned Dolly
the sheep. They cloned a sheep. 1997
Bill Clinton banned use of federal funds
for human cloning. Apparently in 2002
they cloned the first baby Eve in
December. So right I'm taken there in
September. I think they've taken my
eggs. They clone a baby in 2002. No one
ever hears about anything again. It's
all on 60 Minutes or BBC, one of those
things. They were all talking about when
a human's going to be cloned. Suddenly
it shut down. I mean, it's very someone
like Epstein seems like he was very
multifaceted. Like there's an element to
him where it was like almost like your
primary objective is compromat, right?
Is your primary objective is to is to do
that. But then he's using his money and
he's like I'm I'm going to create a race
of my own people. It's like this dude,
>> why did he get
>> crazy?
I wonder if cuz there this is really
this is a full skitso right now. Oh
yeah. But like so Charles Manson was
probably an MK Ultra patient.
>> Oh yeah, I would. I think so.
>> I would say definitely. So so
definitely. Right. You have
>> Shrek maintained him in prison. Tom
O'Neal chaos and you have you know Jolly
West who's like running this thing had
probably an office at the Hate Ashberry
Free Medical Clinic where um you know
Manson was always going and then you
have this kind of conversion of Manson
from this kind of petty criminal to this
sex god kind of cult leader whatever. So
there's tons of evidence there. Here's
the trippiest thread of the Manson thing
that connects with Ebstein. That's so
weird. So Manson would carry around a
book called Stranger in a Strange Land
by Robert Heinline. Did you read that
sci-fi besteller? I did 1968. Great
book. So, so uh he would carry this
around, but Manson was illiterate. So,
and then he models his whole life off
this book.
>> He his son he calls uh uh Michael
Valentine or whatever who's like one of
the characters in the book. Jubal Roger
Smith is his um parole officer. Jubal is
the protector in the book. He calls him
Jubal. He tries to start a race war
which is what they're trying to do
thing.
Yeah. So, so, okay, but just [__]
listen for a second. [laughter] So, so,
so, so this is what's crazy. Donald Bar
is the headmaster of Dalton. He gives
Epstein his first job at Dalton school,
which is in New York, this prep school
or whatever.
>> And his son is William Bar, who's the
attorney general under Bush 41 and under
Trump, who basically obiscated [__]
justice to get Epstein, you know, out of
trouble. So, Donald Bar writes a sci-fi
novel called Space Relations.
>> Okay.
>> And this is really it's about uh
>> new to me. This is new to me.
>> It's this is so nuts. It's
>> I read it.
>> It's unreadable almost.
>> It's almost unreadable. And it's about
this like human traveling to like an
extraterrestrial planet and he is sold
as a as a sex slave.
>> Why is he going though? Do you remember
why he's going?
>> Why is he going again?
>> To negotiate with the rulers of the
galaxy.
>> The rulers of the galaxy.
>> To end slavery. Oh man. He just becomes
a [__] pet.
>> Yes. And then he becomes [laughter] a
[__] But but how weird is that? Yeah.
>> Isn't that Is that not so strange?
>> Exactly. Like the connection
>> maybe some thing going on. Okay. Well, I
think so.
>> Well, you just said about stranger
strange land that I did not know.
>> Mhm.
>> Um so that was his programming.
>> Uh one of his personalities was probably
illiterate, but MK Monarch, which they
have admitted is real in 2024. I didn't
know that.
>> It's very clever. NSA archive.
>> How is Monarch different than Ultra,
though?
>> Oh, well, because Monarch, the people
now that you're like, why is Kanye so
crazy? That's why it's the all your
favorite dis Hey, why do Disney kids
turn out how they do?
>> Well, Disney, the [__] Rosa Kruian
that allowed the CIA to do stuff to him
underneath Disneyland. And that's real.
I don't know if you know about Rosa.
>> He was Opus Day,
>> but their victims are talking. He was in
Opus Day like the like the early
Freemason kind of like before you turn
18. They
>> all come together. I would say yo the
last thing I saw of Gary Wayne by the
way I'm not religious at all.
>> Also isn't there like club 33 or
something in Club
>> 33
movies Bavarian fairy tales. That's
weird. Right.
>> Hey Disney sucks now. Hey sucks. Why are
you pushing princess? Something that got
me was Joe Rogan bringing up that scene
in Pinocchio, you know, where it's like
we take them to the little island and
you know this scene in Pinocchio, this
classic scene. It's freaky, dude. It's
like literally Epstein. You got these
like, you know, villains sitting around
the table at the tavern and one of them
like the big banker, he's like, "I know
how to make a real bit of money." And he
starts whispering to them and they're
like, "Take them to Pleasure Island."
And he's like, "Yeah." And he goes, "But
but they're just little boys." And he
goes, "Well, they don't come back as
boys." is and they all start laughing
about it.
>> And I takes him to Pleasure Island.
>> Ah, Pleasure Island.
>> Pleasure Island. But the law suppose
they
>> No, no, there's no risk. They never come
back
as boys.
[screaming]
is very symbolic of what would now
>> really spoke to my subconscious and I
want to be famous now.
>> So you got a masculine feminine side of
the brain which as the Templars will
tell you.
>> They tried to preserve the divine
feminine Ashtar worship of the [__]
pagans.
>> Yeah.
>> So but you know Purple Lady I saw when I
did DMT the first time but not like a
woman but I you know you've heard of the
purple lady.
>> I believe that's my right brain feminine
divine side.
>> You're the collective unconscious.
That's the meat internet dude. That's
the original internet. All the tech
freaks are going to make an artificial
version of every. So if you see a we're
going to have brain Wi-Fi. That's how
you know ESD exists. They're going to
copy all the real. They're not going to
tell you about them, but they're going
to copy them to get back to Atlantis
times.
>> And so all this artic Oh, could it be
archaeological? Yeah. Oh, wait. Could
this be the Nephilim from the B? Yeah.
It's all of that [__] Don't you get the
the joke? kind of like, you know,
>> they compartmentalize the names into
like different names and you go, "Well,
that's Bible [__] or that's UFO." You
don't know what anything is cuz they
controlled it,
>> right?
>> And that's why they're called
Freemasons. Even though they don't build
nothing, they built Matrix.
>> Tom Dong when he was Tom Dong when he
was kind of doing the rounds early early
days of the UFO subject. One of the
things that he brought up and I don't
know how true it is. I tried to find
some like validation of whether or not
these statues really were outside SA sic
headquarters, Science Applications
International Corporation. been
wondering about that
>> those those pyramids. Yeah. So, you got
like Do you know about this? Yeah. These
two statues, one sitting there as
[laughter]
>> it's cool, man. The ADHD in this room is
real. Like I've got it as well. Yeah.
Like everyone's trying to jump in. But
no, um like outside this uh tech center
in do you remember where it was meant to
be? Was it in San Francisco or like you
know in LA by where I lived and I wanted
to go there.
>> Right. So, like it was meant to be the
old SAIC headquarters. And Tom Dong when
he was, you know, back in like 2017
doing the rounds, he was like, "Oh, you
guys, you know, there's this place
outside the SIC headquarters where
they've got these two statues where
you've got this uh Egyptian uh pharaoh
sitting on a on a like temple seat
holding a pyramid in his hand and it
says the past." And then on the other
side, you've got a kind of futuristic
looking female goddess type pharaoh
holding a pyramid and it says the
future. I forgot
>> past and the future said that.
>> Yeah. Like the new Atlantis, the new
era, the golden dawn, right? You know,
>> wait, you saw the clips from the Bannon
Epstein document. He has 14 hours of
footage interviewing Epste.
>> Yeah.
>> No, I use it for comedy on Kyle
Dunigan's channel for [laughter] uh
>> uh uh I can't remember what we called.
We had a news show. It was really funny
and it was the talk down, right?
>> Hollywood celebrities tell you the news
and it's called the talk down.
[laughter]
>> Okay. So we did like the more you know
parodies because my boy Jason Burmis who
from loose change back in the day who
was right.
>> Oh yeah. Loose chain. Yeah.
>> He was right. I didn't think he was but
he was.
>> Well it's so funny they're kind of
admitting that the highest levels.
There's like a n like people like we
need to look into the 9/11 file. Like
Cash Patel and like Pulsey are saying
that would have been if you were to say
this 5 years ago you'd be called you'd
be laughed out of a room in the room
you're in.
>> Well I mean you'd probably be debanked.
[laughter]
Maybe the
>> thing is I feel like there's only so far
they can go in investigations with 9/11
before they start blaming their greatest
ally for it, right? So it's kind of like
>> it takes a village, guys.
>> Yeah. [laughter]
>> Oh, of course our best aircraft carrier
was involved. Don't forget Pakistan.
You're talking about Osama, right?
>> Yeah. Yeah.
>> So Seymour Hirs released probably what
happened and he's a impeccable
journalist.
>> Fantastic.
>> Okay. I didn't hear of it in 2011. It
came out and there was so Oh, I think
Zero Dark 30 and [__]
>> Yeah. which is nonsense.
>> Yeah, it's a propaganda. Propaganda.
See,
>> he was a guy that was and I remember
watching that guy Shrek from Delta Force
talk about it on on things. [laughter]
He goes, "That guy went dialysis. He he
crossed the mountains and got away."
Well, first of all, he had to get away
because how could we go to Iraq if they
killed the guy that did 9/11? How can we
go to Iraq then?
>> Get it?
>> Mhm.
>> You ever see the Tony Clawson speech?
How do we get to war in Iran? That's a
real speech. I think it's interesting
that like obviously you got Rumsfeld
talking about 2.3 trillion missing
dollars from the Pentagon and it cost
about that much to do the Middle Eastern
invasion. So it's like is this a big
money launch
>> a lot of cash flowing through this like
>> talked to Catherine Austin Fitz from
Hood under George uh HW Bush.
>> There's like 23 trillion dollars missing
since 1997.
>> Uh and I know Joseph P. Frell that smart
that smart [__] he keeps track
of financial crimes around the world.
>> Yeah. and he put together all these
weird missing amounts of money with fake
bearer bond, but they're not. They're
obvious like fakes. It doesn't make
sense.
>> This is the kind of stuff that gets you.
This is the kind of stuff that gets you
break craziest thing about Epstein that
I learned recently is that did you know
that um Bill Gates's science adviser is
the backup executive to Epstein's will.
>> Doesn't shock me. Didn't know that.
Didn't know that. But it doesn't shock
me.
>> How How crazy is that? And he was he
said he found out and he goes I was
shocked to find out that I was listed.
>> Whoa. Where did he come from?
>> For Bill Gates where he's like well he's
dead now so you know like nothing more
to say about that.
>> Who's his family? Oh yeah.
>> Well he's dead. So
>> is there a lesson for you for anyone
else looking looking at this?
>> Well he's dead. So uh you know in
general you always have to be careful.
Uh,
>> that's a threat. I took it up.
>> Yeah. Like, shut the [__] up.
>> Hey, [__] A lot of people could be
dead. That's how I took it.
>> Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.
>> Because that guy, he's the grandson, of
course, of like one of Rockefeller's
fixers, right?
>> What is that? True.
>> I thought he was a middle class kid. And
Steve Jobs was a hippie. He was the
other nerd.
>> His dad was military, I think. Right.
>> Oh, you don't say.
>> I think so. Yeah.
>> Yeah.
>> But then he was his grandfather was a
fixer for the
>> Rockefeller. And that's where he learned
to buy the press because as you know
Rockefeller, everybody hated that
[__] because he's a piece of
[__] And then they had the idea to do
PR. So that's Bernay the the Edward
Edward Bern PR. What do you think PR is?
The blackest of magic.
>> Okay. They have big farm
old oult [__] So the mind control part.
Okay. That's old dude. That goes to
Egypt, right? You got your pharaohs who
are inbred like those LA bape dogs that
are like stop inbreeding them. Come on.
Come on. Stop doing that. Right. A
corrupt priest class. And I got some of
this from Rudolph Steiner if you know.
>> He's very boring. But
>> I like gossip.
>> Very interesting.
>> He is because he tells you backstage
like how I would talk [__] about a
comic.
>> He talks [__] about a cultist.
>> That's the juiciest best part.
>> Right. Right.
>> Okay.
>> And uh I found out all kinds of [__]
from just his gossip. The main [__] is
almost
I I get off track.
>> No, I disagree with you. I think the
main stuff's really interesting.
>> Okay. All of these things are the same
[laughter] thing. Cabala. So, did you
study cababala? I can't say it.
>> I wouldn't say I studied it familiar
with it, but
>> Oh, well, it affects your life deeply
because all these esoteric groups uh
that fraternities you were you were a
frat in college.
>> Didn't have frats in the UK.
>> No,
>> that's a purely American phenomena that
I've American pie.
>> Yeah. You've already got Oxford. Yeah,
dude.
>> I didn't go to Oxford,
>> but you have it. That's where So, but
you know, I know everybody Israel, but
guess what?
>> We're even worse. And UK is the one that
got that [__] going back in the day.
>> Oh, yeah. Well, we've got old school
esoteric belief systems going.
>> That's right. And that's why there's no
justice about Jimmy. People are mad
about the grooming gang. Now, I used to
write for Sasha Baron Cohen on Who Was
America?
>> Okay. The pranks we did.
>> That's cool.
>> Yeah, it was [__] awesome.
>> I I love that [__]
>> dude. I I I miss them guys. That was
like a good His his group's like a band.
They're not like a right. So he does
roundts like the great Cecil Roads.
[laughter]
>> Sis Roads.
>> Yeah. And so so they picked me to write
to stay on. They don't
>> And I got on with them dudes
immediately. Uh Anne Hines and Dan W.
Those dude I love them dudes
>> and I really like Zaja a lot too. But
understand he's old money.
>> He's Coanine which is like real old
money. Went to Oxford. The reason I got
along with them is because their sense
of humor. They're like smartass
smart kids. Right. Right. Right. Right.
>> Yeah. He's His whole family is super
smart.
>> Yeah.
>> Yeah. I'm I'm Jersey Shore trash, but I
I could always gifted and talented.
>> Well, I was in I was I'm gifted and
talented. [laughter]
>> Do you know about the city of London
within the city of London?
>> Of course.
>> Yeah. Do you know about that?
>> No. So, like the original city of London
isn't the city of London. Okay.
>> The financial quarter which is one
square mile of London is called the city
of London. Wow.
>> And that's got its own mayor. It's got
its own police force. It's got his own
laws. It's basically like the Vatican
sitting in the middle of the city
about them running financial flows.
>> There is so like there's a really good
documentary called The Spid Britain's
Second Empire. Like that will open your
eyes to just how much financial
corruption runs through London. Like the
Swiss have got nothing on us, man. Like
we really do run the financial sector of
like high crime. And
>> you read Anglo American World Power. You
said
>> I love Well, you mentioned Ceil Roads.
Yeah. So that's why
>> that that book well let's get into this
cuz maybe they doveetailed because Carol
Quigley wrote this book the
Anglo-American establishment talks about
roundt cultures ceil roads and Lord
Alfred Milner or whatever and like them
having those secret societies led to the
intelligence agencies that we have
today.
>> What was it based on the Illuminati
>> right old school barian Illuminati and
like Yeah. Yeah. Jesuits.
>> He based his group on those. It's in the
uh um what's that movie that's pretty
they're pretty good. The first one, uh,
Kingsman.
>> Oh, Kingsman. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. They
drip that stuff right into those shows,
like for real.
>> I'm a writer and I study this [__] cuz I
got to make I want to write jokes and I
want to I want to [__] make movies.
So, I know sometimes they might be doing
predictive programming certainly. But
understand there's a dude like me that
looks at this [__]
>> because you can find the best because
you got to write something new that you
haven't heard before.
>> That's how I could tell if you're lying
to me a lot of times because you're
telling me a a myth as Pazoka calls it.
I seen this one, man.
>> Weapons of mass destruction. I saw that
20 years ago.
>> I could spot it now.
>> Exactly. Yeah.
>> It's not that I'm that quick.
>> It's yellow cake all over again. Like
same [__]
>> On that though, I don't I I'm maybe a a
heretic here in that I think Tucker
maybe overreacted. Look, I think
>> to which part
>> I think a surgical whatever surgical
strike Trump did is not the same thing
as nation building in Iraq like we did
for as long as
>> shot for shot,
>> right?
>> Sure. But like
>> wait, that's three years before. Do you
understand what the implications of
that?
>> But let's not get into some meta layer.
I'm just saying like on a [laughter]
basic geopolitical level
>> [__] matrix man.
>> Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I'm not sure that that
was like a bad move and didn't set their
program back in a few. Do you know this?
There's eight levels of top secret above
the president. And the reason for that
is
>> I don't know that.
>> Yeah. Well, most people don't. But
>> well, yeah, I don't think you know that.
>> Highest is highest is nuclear.
>> Why? Why did I not did I not wear the
the robes of a wise man?
>> You That's true. That's true. You are.
>> Am I not holding the baton Egypticus?
[laughter]
Why would you think I don't know that?
Well, I do know that. And you do because
you read that book. Uh Carol Quickley
was given cosmic level clearance to go
to the as Douglas Murray says, "Have you
been to the archive?" He's been he's
been
>> he's definitely a spooky guy. Carol
Quley also is a professor at Georgetown
who Bill Clinton said defined his
worldview more than anybody else. Yeah.
So, so the city of So, if you if you go
through that thread Anglo American
establishment to today, do you think the
city of London still has like they
Vatican, City of London, do you think
any of these groups, you know, Knights
of Malta, you've done a lot of amazing
work in Malta.
>> Yeah.
>> Do you think any of these groups have
disproportionate power today? [laughter]
>> Oh,
>> yeah. Like,
>> there you go. There you go. Yeah. I
would
>> Oh, I wonder.
>> I would agree with Curt's laugh. Like I
mean,
>> holy [__]
>> Yeah, like England.
>> Oh, I wonder if they do.
>> Okay, I'm g I'm asking Jack.
>> England England is such an old country,
man. I think we're just very good at
being quiet with the amount of influence
and power that we have. How many cl crab
claws have you had, brother? [laughter]
>> Claw podcast and
>> three claws down and I haven't even had
one. You didn't even bring me one
tranquilizer.
>> Okay. [laughter]
Okay. Do you think
>> bring the crab claws out? Bust them out.
I want to be on your wavelength right
now. I want to be on your bandwidth.
>> That you should have. Yeah,
>> I got one more. I don't want it. You got
it.
>> I'll have it.
>> Um,
>> yeah.
>> How [clears throat] many white cars have
you gone to?
>> Start by call. Do you hear yourself?
>> Do you think the secret societies are
the most popular the most powerful
people who ever lived and undue
influence? Oh, I wonder.
>> But you know what? You know what, Kurt?
It's It's easy to say
>> because it's the truth.
>> Well, no. It's it's really easy to be
handwavy about this stuff and that it's
much harder and this is my criticism of
dark journalists to actually understand
how any of this stuff works. I don't
think I have a a really great map of the
world. I suspect that some of this stuff
exists, but I think asking these
questions is very of value.
>> Sometimes you got to ask an obvious
question for people that don't know.
>> Exactly.
>> I watch your show and I I appreciate you
having me on, brother. And and I hope
you understand that.
>> No, I do. I just think it's important
that people understand if you think they
wouldn't do that, they would do that.
History tells you they would do that.
Whatever you think they wouldn't do, not
only would they do it, they did worse
already.
>> And I think that when it comes to
somewhere like the UK, when it comes to
someone like the UK, you know, we're
we're very we're very good at being kind
of diplomatically quiet in terms of
influence. So, a lot of people would
say, "Oh, you know, like British Empire,
that's done." Like that's a long time
ago. It's like not so much actually. Not
with the financial element at play. So
I'd say that we hold a lot of influence
over the financial kind of like you know
global market. A lot of bad money flows
right into London. And then like yeah
the city of London this this weird kind
of like financial sector. Like I said
they've got their own mayor. They've got
their they've also got the only
unelected members who can go into
parliament called the remembrancer. This
guy called Yeah. For real. Right. For
real. The the remembrancer who he he So
he's an individual or she who works for
the corporation of the city of London.
That is older than London. Okay. Okay,
so the that's like the OG. So that's
kind of like you've got the financial
sector, you've got the city of London
financial sector. The beating heart of
that is the corporation of London,
right? Very dystopian stuff, right? And
so the remembrancer,
what a title, right? Will go into
parliament and sit and listen and then
report back to the corporation and
they'll make the decision if they're
actually going to pass that. That's
that's the real government behind the
government,
>> you know.
>> So interesting. They they're a human.
They're a menntat from Dune is what
you're telling me
>> pretty much. Yeah. It's the same kind of
a vibe. You know about Lake Havsu?
>> Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Of course. I played
that game.
>> London Bridge is in Lake Havsu.
>> Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.
>> So, you know these they moved London
Bridge. They re they took Yeah. They
took London Bridge to America and built
a lake.
>> Lake Havsu is just like the old city of
London and
>> and Freemasons laid the first stones in
Lake Havsu like for that like
>> Knight of Columbus is the controlling
interest and the reason they brought
that bridge is because there's kids
walled up in it and it's a negatively
charged the
>> God I don't know about that.
>> Oh yes. Well, Nathan Reynolds, go check
him out. See, I started Here's what I do
cuz I I I'm on a new show. Okay. So, I'm
looking at the current events and I'm
getting
>> What's your show?
>> Jimmy Door. I'm on it. I'm a slight on
Jimmy door. Okay.
>> Okay. So, I'm getting actual news that
nobody's getting because all the
channels that people think are news are
literally propaganda for the one guy
who's president at the time. So, Fox is
entirely for Trump.
>> I know your boomer parents watch it.
>> They can.
>> Yeah. It's it's a program Trump.
>> Of course,
>> MSNBC was for for Suprain Biden.
>> Okay. Well, I want to see Morning Joe.
>> That's it's all for one guy and they're
bloodline with the British.
>> I will I will say that like from a
British [laughter]
>> Yeah.
>> bury the lead bloodline with the Brit
>> from a from a British perspective like
our propaganda is a bit more nuanced and
subtle than the Americans. from well I
would I would argue it still is and that
you know when you look at CNN and NBC
like at least from my perspective it's
like well you can tell that they're
drenched in bias just political talking
toarmac too. Yeah, bro. Well, that's
what I'm saying, though. It's like it
feels like with like the BBC, for
example, they're [__] clever, man.
Like, they they'll drip it in very
subtly, you know, in this lovely British
accent, so you really feel like you're
being informed, but it's the exact same
thing. It's just a little bit more
subtle.
>> Speaking of which, you see this Wall
Street Journal article about the UFO
stuff.
>> Yeah, man. Like, again, I feel like
there's a mix of like some actual truth
to what they're saying and also uh, you
know, an incentive to try and kind of
like disrupt what's going on in the UAP
conversation. But I would I would argue
that there is definitely a level of
like, you know, bringing people in.
Again, it comes back to this campfire
story thing. Like how many no offense,
but how many whistleblowers have got up
and gone like, "Yeah, I was told this. I
was told this. I was told that. I was
told this." You didn't see [__] You
didn't know that. You didn't see it. So,
you've been told this by who? By Lou, by
Chris, by Gary Nolan, by whoever it
might be. And it's like, where's the
seed? I want to trace the seed back to
the origin point. And where where's the
actual information? Because whenever you
ask these guys, they got told it by
another GS15 or another high level.
Yeah. So, and
>> I'm friends with his cousin. They
[__] hate each other. John the
>> truth about Chris.
>> Yeah, John the Fifth. Yeah, I know,
right? He's a classic character. He's
great.
>> Melon has the exrotect file.
>> Yeah.
>> What What happened to Academy of the
Storms? Where'd that go?
>> Yeah, exactly. I was talking about this
not that long ago like to the stars
academy. That's, you know, Tom Dong I
feel got thrown under the bus. He was
what they would call a useful idiot. No
offense to the guy. Yeah. Like, you
know, he was all excited and I I'll
quickly do you know how he initially
started this? like Tom Dong with
>> spent his personal fortune.
>> Didn't he know he he performed at
>> he was invited? Yeah. Because he had the
money holiday party or something.
>> Yeah. So, he's always been involved in
like, you know, the UFO subject because
he's got the money and the connections.
He actually knew a dude at Loheed Martin
who was like, there's like a family and
friends meetup happening. Would you be
interested in introducing the bosses
onto the stage? And he was like, I want
10 minutes with your boss afterwards,
but yeah. And that's when he had Right.
So you literally right so he walks into
Loheed Martin and then he gets taken you
know through the classified facilities
to a meeting room where he sits down
with the big bosses skunk works all this
stuff and he pitches to the stars
academy and he was saying on the radio
you know you have to go and be of
service I wanted to be of service so he
basically went in there and was like
here's a template I am your uh medium
into the public into the you know the
youth of today use me however you like
and one thing I'll say real quick is
that despite the controversy and I
wouldn't say I trust this guy 100% But
Steven Greer was kicking down doors at
that point. He had like, you know, 6
million, 7 million views on Netflix.
He's talking about unagnowledged special
access programs, illegal programs, real
repercussions that need to happen. This
is an uncontrollable asset who's out
there making noise. Suddenly Tom Dong
turns up to the heartland of classified
security, right? Loheed Martin, and he's
like, "Guys, use me. Here's what I want
to do. Tell me what you want to do."
Suddenly Tuda Star, suddenly Lu Alzando,
suddenly Chris Melon, suddenly the New
York Times. And it just feels like they
were like, "This is the opportunity we
needed. There's a disruptive guy out
there who's giving this narrative about
illegal programs. It's going to cause
trouble for us." Suddenly, here's a
really famous guy who's got a link
straight to the youth of today, and he's
saying, "We can [__] There's an
email, I think, between him and Podesta
where he's like, "Yeah, yeah." between
tight. They were tight. Don't tight.
This came out on Wikileaks and Dong is
like,
>> uh, I want to, you know, give the truth,
but I also want, you know, I don't want
people to I want the government to to be
portrayed as cool.
>> These emails that came out. Yeah, dude.
Dude, so on Wikileaks, what's
interesting is they are gone. I've tried
to find these Wikileaks emails where
he's talking about Mitchell and people
scraped it,
>> but they're 404 on the website. every
single one about Tom Deong interfacing
with Podesta and people like that. But
back in the day, bro, he was literally
saying to Podesta on emails like, "I
really want to try and get the youth of
today to be more promilitary, more pro
government, and this is how we're going
to do it." And so the secret machines uh
books and the TV series was all about
trying to build confidence back into the
institution.
>> And yet, and yet and yet I look at the
people he was talking to, Neil McCassel
and Steve Justice, where I'm like,
>> "Where'd Steve Justice go? Where'd Steve
Justice go?" You know what I mean? and
and and and I sh I share your
frustration around the campfire story
stuff, but I'm like
>> these guys are highlevel dudes and like
I don't think
>> like I said campfire stories with a
TSSCI clearance attack.
>> Yeah, totally. Totally. [laughter]
And I don't I don't think they would be
spending this much time with the front
man of Blink 182 if there wasn't
something.
>> But that's what I'm saying.
Ed, what I want to know where that
kernel of actual data exists that
they're then echoing back into these
circles of people who are like, well, I
got told by Lou and Lou told me this.
It's like, right, so who told him and
where does he tell you that?
>> Go for it.
>> So MK Monarch, the thing that they have
admitted was real.
>> Now try to stay on it.
>> Yeah. Yeah.
>> Um, most of your favorite star I think
really the only actor who didn't work
with the CIA is probably Steven Seagal.
The only guy who literally didn't work
with the CIA is Steven Seagal. But in
the program, which is the continuation
of MK Ultra, Tom Dong's family, are they
not Air Force?
>> Yeah, he's got intelligence backgrounds
and actually Yeah. No, another member of
the band as well, um, actually helped
this. I'm not going to remember it, but
I found this out and was like,
>> what? So then another member of Blink
182 had family members in the in the
intelligence community, and he actually
helped with something in the military in
the IC. It was like some software or
programming or something he he helped
with. So there's two icy mil connections
in Blink182. Wow.
>> Tom Dong and this other guy I think the
basist, but I can't remember. Yeah,
>> it's like all the rock stars of the 60s.
>> Yeah, dude. It is weird. It is weird.
>> It's like all of them.
>> Yeah. In the six. Yeah. Dear brain
>> monarch. [laughter]
>> But it's just I don't know like you know
did did did Tom Dong have a natural
interest, natural money and then and
then he got brought in and got
>> Did you hear your story? You know that's
what it feels
by you.
>> Well I hear I hear stories. Yeah.
Exactly. But I think that is not
programmed into him because he's from an
early age from one of them things. I
want to be of service. Yeah,
>> for sure. But then I hear I hear stories
of, you know, people like Neil McCasslin
who ran I think the AFL, Air Force
Research Laboratory at Right Pat and
stuff like serious dudes taking Peter
Lenda's work. So, Peter Leventa
co-wrote, you know, this book with the
occult and like, you know,
>> it goes back to the occult and the
grimoire and all sorts of like very
seriously and I don't know what to think
of it because I like I'm like look even
my own relationship with the sort of
more esoteric elements of this stuff is
like I find it fascinating, but it's
it's definitely
>> to the extent it's entangled with
reality, it's very it's inherently like
sort of covert and a cult means hidden,
you know. Definitely there's definitely
a Gnostic theme running through a lot of
these guys like you know the what they
believe in and this idea of the archons
and even Tom Dong on like 2016 on
>> I got breakfast with Tom Dong and he
told me that he thought these were like
archons and that there's like you know
in Gnostic tradition you have a demi
urge that's a lower god that controls
the material world
>> puppeteer of our reality and then the
gods of that reality the archons who
kind of like recycle us back into the
soup of reincarnation. Yeah. Have you
ever thought of scaling that down and
applying the archon title to your human
leaders who call themselves that because
they think it's their divine right to do
that to you?
>> I would say it's it's a very similar
type of a thing. And then like you know
you look at Tom Dong was like so
excitedly talking in 2016 on the radio
about this when someone asked about the
archons and it was like yeah dude like
we've been developing weapon systems
because we know they're coming back and
we've been waiting for them and that you
know this is why they can't tell you
about the UFO subject. And it's like,
right, I have a massive issue with this.
Like, I have an issue with people who
say like, "We've been doing this in
secret. That's why we couldn't tell
you." Okay, so these things are
transdimensional. They apparently
interface with consciousness. Can
apparently bend spacetime fabric, but we
can keep a secret from them.
>> Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.
>> Come on, bro. That's a great point. Weak
source. Weak source. Right. Right. We
wouldn't know.
>> If Tom Dong's sitting there on like, you
know, the radio going like, "No, trust
me, dude. Like, we're hiding it because
of the aliens." The [__] They've heard
it. Like, you know what I mean? So, like
that doesn't wash with me. Yeah,
>> I think that, you know, someone like Tom
Dong, he got brought in and he was so
excited and it's kind of like, you know,
on a lower level, similar to me when I
was first meeting people and, you know,
like hanging out with CIA officers and
you think this is so cool, like these
guys are actually giving me time, but
they're so good at becoming your friend.
Like, you know, that's what I was saying
before. They're good at doing that
because they see you as someone that
you, you know, can send a message
through.
>> Yeah. Showbiz.
>> Yeah. like not every time, but I think
there's a lot of that in the UFO
community because it's such it's like
perfect ground zero for them to
interface with the public and create a
bit of a rumor or, you know, a bit of a
campfire story.
>> What do you think the point is? Because
a part of me is like
>> confusion.
>> A confusion.
>> Absolute confusion as to what is
actually going on because like again,
there's definitely something going on.
Something really, really important and
probably non-human.
>> Do you have like a best guess at that or
do you think that maybe the SCOP above
all else is that they don't know? Yeah,
that could be they haven't got a clue.
They know I suspect that no one knows.
>> Well, ask that's kind of where I lean is
like they've got maybe slightly higher
fidelity information and ideas, but they
don't really know what it is and they
don't know how to address it. And it's
like, you know, how does the premier
national security apparatus go?
[laughter]
We have no idea. They can penetrate
every system. They can destroy us. They
can take you out of your room at night.
Like, you know, all that kind of stuff.
Like, yeah, I think that there's an
element of that, but then there's also
like, you know, like I said, the
classified exotic research and, you
know, using the alien as a smoke screen
for that. So, there's so many incentives
to keep us in the dark and also spread
all these different stories, which we've
seen since like the 1940s when they
started these UFO conferences and these
spooks and spies would come in and they
give people ideas. But look at what
we're dealing with now. A spaghetti
junction of narratives with a thousand
people saying a thousand things and
they're all true. This is the narrative.
This is the narrative. It's like no one
actually knows. That feels purposeful.
Feels like it's generating noise because
again there is something to look at and
it's maybe the implications are so deep
that they can't risk people knowing
about it. So it's better to believe in
gray aliens coming from Alpha Century or
whatever,
>> you know. But again, like you said, I
think that there's a likelihood that
they don't really know. They don't
really know and that scares the [__] out
of them.
>> Yeah. There's clearly there are
patterns. There's clearly a
>> old gods or something like you know like
whatever you might think like you know
>> that book of uh the Collins elite.
>> Oh man, I've read a few things on the
Collins
>> about the final events by Nick Nick Red.
>> Yeah, Nick Redford.
>> Now the whoever he was talking to was
feeding him horseshit, but
>> the book's still very interesting.
>> Radical Christian ideologues and
>> Yes. Because I watch Jason I always call
him Jazz Jabroni but his name's Jason
Geiani cuz he and again I don't need to
agree with all your points. I just
Everybody's got a little piece. I just
want your peace.
>> Yeah. Yeah.
>> Okay. And he he point he goes this
Collins elite that are fundamentalist
Christians.
>> Yeah.
>> George W. Bush years.
>> Okay. So that would be Coen Powell's in
on that. There'd be a lot of these
people in on that and they're
fundamentalist Christians. Then you read
about what they did. Well, first we met
aliens and then we're like, can we use
this to assassinate people? Well, are
you guys Christians? I thought you were
Christians.
>> Right. Right. Right.
>> Yeah, Christians do that. No, they
don't.
>> No, they don't. So now I'm being fetish.
And by the way, Collins, just so you
know, is the one of the old Barnabas
Collins from the uh what do they call
it? The Dark Shadows. Johnny Depp played
him in the remake.
>> Oh, I don't know, man.
>> Yeah, it was a 70s thing from England.
Barnabas Collins. Very popular. Dark
Shadows. Johnny Depp later played him in
the Tim Burton remake movie. Okay. Okay.
But that name Collins, that's one of
them the 13 families, right? Big
powerful name. First first warlocks in
America is their claim to fame. I wonder
if that's the same Collins elite.
>> Maybe.
>> Hey, I noticed a lot of oultist all
think that they're Christian and they
say it like they are. Like your JR
Tolken, who by the way was a Rosian just
like Disney and his priest. Yeah. And
his Catholic priest's son was a victim
pedophile.
>> Didn't Tolken eventually convert to
Christianity fully because of CS Lewis
or making that up?
>> Yeah, I don't know. Or maybe it was the
opposite. Maybe see us.
>> I know he had ties into these esoteric
communities, though.
>> What's up, guys? One of today's sponsors
is us, American Alchemy. We just
launched what I think is maybe the
coolest merch line in the world. When
you're wearing it, it's not like you're
shilling me or the channel. They're just
really epic and I think they look good.
We have a couple of amazing designs for
you. We have our cowboy UFO tee. Pretty
epic. You see there's a rancher. He's
witnessing a UFO. A little cow is
getting abducted by the UFO in the
background. And then you know that I
love mid-century history, specifically
spooky science, atomic era stuff. And so
we have our atomic age tea here. Uh
pretty cool vibe. Uh you got [laughter]
a robot serving this guy. A little
martini. And then a UFO off to the side.
I think it's pretty epic, too. And then
finally, we have our hats. This is just
one of the hats. We have many different
designs, but I think they're pretty
epic. I think you can wear these around
and they just look like a generally cool
brand. Doesn't necessarily mean you have
to be obsessed with UFOs or even my
channel. I think they just look epic.
But buying these does support the
channel. I no longer make any money from
any of the venture capital stuff I used
to do. This is my sole source of income.
So, buying the merch is a really amazing
way to show your support. Go to American
Alchemymerch.com,
americanalchemyme.com
to check out all of this amazing new
apparel. The cowboy tea that I'm wearing
is 100% cotton, super relaxed fit. We
went for quality on these. Uh so check
them out.
>> Okay. Mormonism, Lord of the Rings,
bunch of stories. You hear the themes
over and over. Campfire stories.
>> The theme is Atlantis over and over. And
don't journalist metaphorical overlay. I
got that word from him. I didn't make
that up.
>> It's a metaphorical overlay. Once you
realize that principle of a metaphorical
overlay,
>> then you go, I've heard this story
before. Like I'm saying the tall whites.
Oh, this sounds like some racist came to
an island and uh we're like a cargo cult
that tries to make the same planes out
of wood. But I got news for you. I think
they have all those meta materials now.
the the Helium 3 and the [__] and the
Bob Lazar Muscovium 113 because
>> I text you about it. They made that in a
particle collider in Russia.
>> What do you
>> That's what CERN is. How much meta
material could I get out of the biggest
one or the 30,000 ones we have?
>> You know something wild about CERN,
right?
>> They're not opening portals. They're
making
>> Well, you know what's interesting about
that? Cuz I mean like obviously like
everyone's making theories about CERN
and like you know what's going on there.
But there was that woman who I
>> Astred Stuckleberger.
>> Yeah, man. And she's got a hell of a
resume.
>> She has a really impressive. So she's
she's kind of like a public health
policy expert, but sits on all these
interesting boards and she's in an
interview and she goes, "Physicists from
CERN are telling me that beings are
coming out of dimensional portals at
CERN.
>> There are lots of physicians. I I know
some they're doing very strange
experimentation. There are beings from
portals coming in and out. It's
physicists from the CERN who told me
this. They've testified to beings coming
in and out of portals.
>> Yes.
>> So, this is what's crazy,
>> right?
>> I reached out to her
>> a one summer, like last summer, not
maybe maybe two summers ago, right?
>> Because I was fascinated that the
interview came out and I was like, I
need to cuz I've I do think high energy
physics, whether it's Thomas Towns and
Brown, Tesla,
>> nuclear stuff, you get weird stuff
showing up.
>> It can yield anomalies.
>> Yeah, for sure. That's where you're
you're testing the boundaries of our
reality and the whole fineman there's
room at the bottom. That's how you get
into that. And so I was like, "Okay,
this is really interesting." So I reach
out to her.
>> No response. Then I throw that clip in a
long video I did with this guy RZ Burke
who does simulation theory stuff.
>> She go back to you
>> and she emails me and she was like, "We
must talk now or whatever." And it was
Yeah. And it was responding to my
initial inquiry clearly cuz she had read
it.
>> Right. Right. and uh
>> didn't know who you were and was like
whatever I don't know who this guy is
like like yeah
>> but clearly she did and then I was like
okay let's talk this week and then just
ghosted like never never heard from her
so so strange
>> well that's the thing I only she was on
like some obscure interview on Bitshoot
or something like that you know she
wasn't on like YouTube or anything like
that and uh I think because she was also
talking about COVID and it was during
that time where you just couldn't say
[__]
>> but I found it very interesting what she
was saying and I don't know man like you
know certain so many theories about what
they're doing over there and it's a
difficult one but high energy physics
like you said. I mean, I've heard some
things from people who, you know, work
in the quantum computational industries
and kind of like some of the high level
simulations they're running on like
black holes and dark matter and weird
[__] is going on localized to the
computer.
>> And there's a famous there's a famous
crash in the US at South Haven right
near next to Brook Haven National Lab.
That's that's where our largest particle
accelerator is. So that's our CERN
equivalent in Long Island. And you have
the police chief there and a bunch of
local residents say that it was
collected by Brook Haven. The the crash
itself and Brook Haven's Malkque, right?
That's Montalk.
>> It's
kind of like in that in that vein like
weird [__] going down in Brook Haven
Labs.
>> They had a gate program.
>> Yeah. They had something going on.
>> Talented.
>> So do you guys think the Montalk
experiments were real? Because you've
had on um Eric Hecker.
>> Yeah. My boy Eric.
>> Yeah. Eric Hecker. Yeah. I know you guys
were chatting in the space not long ago.
>> You know we bombed Iraq that day. They
had a 5
>> no [__]
>> two earthquake. Hey, you know Syria
where we just installed al Qaeda.
>> Remember we went to war.
>> Your brain makes too many connections.
>> That [laughter] that's what the
government tells me.
>> Yeah.
>> Yeah. [laughter] Think think about
>> just a little context for the audience
real quick. Eric Hecker, who's Eric
Hecker?
>> Eric Hecker is a he he was a he was a
plumber like quite a high level plumber.
went out to a lot of different like you
know interesting clients but he ended up
getting a contract via Rathon to go out
to Antarctica and do work out there and
>> ice
>> um yeah ice cube nutrino detector and
things like this and because of his role
like people kind of like shrug it off
because you know you're just a mechanic
just a plumber but because of that role
you get access to so many different
areas of like the sites and the
facilities to do basic work and upkeep
and he said that he had noticed that
like energy was being um uh transferred
from one area to another area where it
wasn't supposed to be going like a huge
amount of energy was being sent off to
these places when he was, you know,
trying to uh deenergize the the cables
and things like that. And he was like,
you know, where's all this going? And
they were like, don't even worry about
it.
>> And then he I can't remember the
specifics of how he's kind of come to
this conclusion, but he's pretty sure of
the ice cube nutrino detector, which is
like embedded into the ice. I mean, it's
absolutely insane. This thing with all
these like doms that are going deep down
into the ice. It's essentially like, you
know, this three-dimensional uh
technological construct. uh he thinks
that there is well he's found
documentation to be fair to him like
documents that
>> insinuate it's a two-way device that the
energy can be used to actually emit
instead of just receive so it's not just
a receiver of nutrinos and
>> it's an earthquake gun
>> and it's an earthquake gun you know
Christ New Zealand I don't know how true
that is cuz I haven't really seen
satisfaction waves
>> but yes
>> that is the claim that is what he's
saying and he's become quite well known
for you know talking about that and I
know you've connected to him pretty
recently Yeah, I just did a thing with
him. I talk to him all the time. But he
also talks about cuz he says he was in a
like a childhood.
Yeah.
>> Talks about the Montalk experiment.
>> I grew up on Long Island. Um I had a
very peculiar history uh of nefarious
activity with uh the Stargate program.
>> Yeah. And you know, I've forgotten the
name of Inisada. Inisvvada. That's the
name of the school that's now been
turned. It was renamed and then
destroyed. But I did find the place. It
was real. And it was called Inis Fard
when he was there. And it was like this
weird school for gifted children. And
they would do the remote viewing stuff.
And apparently they would take him to
the library and put this like uh fluid
in their eyes that would make everything
turn slightly yellow. And he he he said
he he'd remember like being really like
pumped to go outside and like see if it
was still there cuz everything would be
in yellow. And he didn't really know why
they were doing that. But it was at this
time where he was being, you know, kind
of prompted to remote view and, you
know, there's no wrong answer. Just tell
us what you think. and he didn't really
understand what was going on in his
setting because it was very different to
his school environment. And like Kurt
said, you know, this is something that a
lot of people seem to have been brought
into, especially in America. It seems
you guys have been running that cuz I
don't know about the UK, but I haven't
heard many stories of like, you know,
that kind of
>> I know like at four or five people who
if you met in any other context, you'd
be like, "This is a normal credible
person say that they like they're
brought into some program as a kid. they
don't remember a certain year of their
life or whatever. It's really
interesting.
>> Yeah, I think there's some truth to
that, brother. Like, you know, of course
you would try and get some of the best
and brightest and try and especially if
you genuinely are interested in
parasychology, but you tell the world
that. It's like, right, find these kids,
see if they can do it, see if they can
interface. I mean, NASA had the star
kids. That's even like mainstream
knowledge now. We know that NASA was
getting these kids and trying to get
them into remote viewing. And
>> yeah, Andre Bharic had his institute in
upstate New York
>> and a lot of the astronauts did remote
viewing. I mean, Edgar Mitchell is
really known for that. Doing experiments
when he was up on the moon and
>> Gordon Cooper had a discussion about
space kids and stuff
on the moon. You know, people think the
moon landing's fake,
>> right? Right.
>> I don't think it is just based on they
put a blue Mason Lodge flag on.
>> Yeah. Buzz Aldrin.
>> Do you think Do you think the footage
that we saw might have been faked, but
not the actual mission itself?
>> That's my belief.
>> That's kind of where I am. I wonder
because some people say like, you know,
people say nukes aren't real because
some of the footage is fake. Yeah. Smart
guy. Smart thinking.
>> No.
>> Yeah. Mark Daniels recent said that I
think
he's an absolute liar. He's a dumb.
[laughter] I'm sorry to tell you he's
one. I watch him do it.
>> Tell that [__] to the Japanese, man.
They might have a few things to say
about that.
>> Radiation. [laughter]
>> I got this from Joseph P. Frell. This is
a great little tidbit. I've never heard
anybody say this before. um when he he
remembers from being a little nerd kid
when uh uh what what's the German guy
that ran the rocket program the famous
one Veron
>> yeah he's he has a blurb in time
magazine that his mom got and he's
reading it Vernon Braun
>> he tells the while he's talking about
the moon facts you know he goes well the
point of neutral you know the point of
neut neutral gravity where
>> he gives like double the amount for what
they said it was right
>> and then the and then
>> who does von
what we're now giving
Not only that, so because he's such a
turbo nerd, Joseph, he puts together
that means it's more dense than they're
saying is farther away. Oh, right.
There's a race to the moon. Remember how
we got to get to the moon. Don't know
why, but we got to get there before we
rush it.
>> Well, Sputn Sputnik was beating Yeah,
they were beating us.
>> That's what we're told, right? That's
what we're told for sure.
>> How did we get all the good Nazis after
the war, but Sputnik was beating us in
space? How does that work? Oh, maybe the
same way Pearl Harbor works where you
cut off Japan's oil so they have to
sputnick because you want them to.
>> So you think Sputnik was a false flag?
>> No, I think they wanted Sputnik to go
ahead. So they had
>> Hey, we got to start working a lot
harder, guys. Busy
>> provided the impetus to do that, right?
And what's what's weird as well is that
there's a clip there's this really good
clip. I mean, it's just like a real what
the [__] moment with this NASA astronaut
who's like, "Oh, I'd go back to the moon
in a nancond. The problem is we
destroyed that technology and it's a
very difficult process to build it back
again.
>> I'd go to the moon in a nancond.
The problem is we don't have the
technology to do that anymore. We used
to, but we uh destroyed that technology
and it's a painful process to build it
back again.
>> It's like what? And like how did we get
through the Van Allen radiation belt at
that time, but now we can't. We're only
in LEO low Earth orbit now. You know,
you know how Starship's what their plan
is to get to the moon. It's wild. What
is it?
>> So, it's Starship is you know Elon's
latest rocket 150 to 200 tons or
whatever. And this is a
state-of-the-art, you know, thing. It's
obviously much more tonnage than what we
were dealing with back then. It's meant
to like carry, you know, huge payloads
of Starlings and [__] But still, this
is what we have to do now to get to the
moon.
>> And we did this before we had something
like an iPhone. Like, you know, the
entire computational processing of NASA
couldn't even fit in my pocket. in your
pocket. [laughter]
>> So, so, so, so these things now go up to
low Earth orbit. They burn 9/10 of the
fuel tank just to get to low Earth orbit
and then they they're orbiting around
and then you have to get another one up
that burns 9/10. It does buttto butt
refueling with the first one. So, you
get two tents in that first one. The the
the second one then disposes of itself.
You have to do that 10 times to get a
full tank in low Earth orbit. And then
that one that's fully refueled goes to
the moon.
>> Yeah. I feel like that alone debunks and
asks some serious questions unless you
got really crazy source.
>> Also, oil is not rare. Colonel Proudy
told us it's like the diamonds like the
beers.
>> Stay on track. So you all this track on
it. No, it's a little you're king of
nonsequittors. But [laughter]
you don't Okay, look. Look, I'm telling
you this for real, dude.
>> Part of the thing for people in the
program,
>> they have a list of you can read the
>> You're a nonlinear thinker.
>> The ability to synthesize seemingly
unrelated events. Now, when I read that,
that's how I write jokes.
>> The reason I look at all goofy [__] and
I look at everything is so I can have
jokes. A lot of my jokes that I made as
jokes
>> uh have like come true, and it's
disturbing the [__] out of me.
>> Disog needs to write American Cosmic 2
about Kurt and his brain.
>> American Cosmic 2 Electric.
>> Download the electric. [laughter]
You look
>> he has protocols and
>> you all should be seeing the I want to
make this clear that I'm not smart. I
fell for 911 back in the day. I was in
New York and they go we got to go to
Iraq and people rightly pointed out that
makes zero sense and I said shut up. I
made a lot of faces Jesse made here on
the show today.
>> Be a patriot.
>> I'm okay. Come on. Well, I just I think
you have to like w with 9/11 even like I
now suspect more than ever that there's
some [__] there. But I don't know.
And I think you have to stay in that not
knowing zone to be an honest
>> Let me give you a good parable from the
>> uh uh do you remember um when we starved
half a million kids in Iraq with those
sanctions and um
>> what's her creepy name? She was the bird
[__] that she's getting interview on in
60 minutes. Uh Albbright, Maline
Albbright. And uh and the lady goes and
I'm watching.
>> You're probably the first female
secretary of state that
>> Oh, that matters.
>> Well, that matters if you're a lizard
person, doesn't it? [laughter]
Let me get through it. Okay. I don't get
a nervous rich kid feeling. I'm just
trying to get through it. I know they're
your friends. Just relax. Okay. I don't
blame you for the FDX kid. I'm not like
the other. [laughter]
>> So, Mr. sitting there being
>> roasted.
>> I'm a comic. She's being asked, "Hey,
over [clears throat] half a million kids
starve from our sanctions." You know,
when we canceled Iraq Yeah. and their
kids starve because that's what we do,
the good country. And was it worth it?
>> And and Matt Albbright, she goes like a
zombie. She goes, "I think it was." The
first woman said that.
>> I think it was worth starving half a
Now, luckily, we have the numbers. It
was only a quarter million Iraqi kids.
So, but
>> if she would do that and say, "I think
it's worth it on a goddamn camera." You
think that [__] wouldn't drink a babys
got Nigerian prince scammed.
>> Get it? Think of it as crypto scams. Be
Coffeezilla about it.
>> Coffeezilla, who I recommended to Rogan
show. I want to admit he he Kermy's
Treor Gasmos, the writer of As the
carpets or the drapes. I recommended
him. the guy does killer work, right?
Just apply that. Just do a metaphor.
It's so easy. It's just pattern
recognition. You can see the game that's
being played on you. Hey, this reminds
me of that. You just got to do that. All
humans can do this [__] They're
literally training you not to do it. You
have you noticed? I I believe there is
some, you know, ambient evil in the
neoliberal world order or whatever, but
and neocon, which are which are kind of
synonymous in many ways,
>> man.
>> But like
>> when you meet these people, I I I don't
know. I'm not sure they're drinking baby
blood in the woods.
>> Like I'm sure I know I know there is
weird [__] like the Epstein [__] Of
course,
>> you know the MK Ultra reason, right?
Manurion candidate is based on that.
What if we could have a secret agent
that don't know they're an agent?
Wouldn't that be great? And if they get
captured, they honestly didn't know they
did it. We achieved that. That's been
achieved since ancient Egypt, but we
achieved it. We big formided it with the
Nazis we saved.
>> As that's a matter of public record, not
a conspiracy. We brought Nazis here with
big [__] scars down their face to run
NASA,
>> which had a space kids camp. I wonder
what went on there.
>> And we had them run it for some reason.
Beat the Soviet to the moon. Wait, NASA
had
>> get to the moon and destroy the ship.
>> NASA had a space kids camp.
>> Yeah.
>> I didn't know that.
>> Yeah. Like I was saying, like you can
look it up now. It's like kind of
general knowledge. They had like space
kids and like the star kids, I think it
was called or something like that. And
>> I know about pu puharic or whatever, but
did na nasa?
>> Yeah, NASA had something like a gifted
children's thing. But I think it's kind
of like, you know, there's a there's a
mainstream acknowledgement of that. And
then the surface layer of that is people
saying, "Yeah, and while we were there,
they were teaching us remote viewing."
That's kind of like the thing that's not
necessarily discussed publicly but was
part of that program. Yeah. Wow.
>> Nonsense.
>> Yeah.
>> No, I don't remember doing anything like
that. Maybe I didn't pass and nothing
happened but I just don't remember.
>> Well, Warner von Brown apparently
encouraged also Edgar Mitchell to go up
and do the sort of parasychology like
this card sort of
>> Ghostbusters beginning. Remember that
>> Ghostbusters and Bill Dan I've gotten uh
dinner with Dan Akroyd. He is obsessed
with UFOs. Yeah,
>> is probably a high level Freemason and
that's why he's into
>> Has his family like, you know, psychic
research for hundred years or whatever.
>> That dude knows a lot of stuff. I
promise you and stuff.
>> He also smokes a ton of weeds. So maybe
that opens some on the MK Ultra list of
what drugs do to control you.
>> Yeah,
>> marijuana breaks amnesiac barriers and
interferes with the programming. So in
Montalk,
>> that's probably why dope
>> look. [laughter]
Don't worry, they fixed.
>> They fixed the problem now. So the weed,
I'm sure.
>> Oh, lame, man.
>> But why was we illegal so long? Well, it
interfered with the mass mind control.
>> Can I can I give you my crazy MK Ultra
theory?
>> Go right ahead.
>> Okay, so Jolly West, you know, one of
the architects of MK Ultra, like I feel
like
>> a lot of it was like like he had this
like center for violence studies,
violence reduction. I kind of think it
was like local violence creation for
mass pacification or violence reduction.
So it's like things like Manson where
>> you have this you have a symbolic uh
scapegoat where like Manson was
synonymous with like the hippie movement
and you have him
>> this is the way that you then go we got
to stop this guys because look at this
one look Thompson writes it down and it
becomes legend right that was oh they're
those hippies. So that's the guy closing
the book on that little op right there.
And if you read the Franklin scandal, I
didn't I was like, "Nah, he wasn't
there." Then I'm like, "Wait a minute.
>> His death's a bit suspicious, isn't it?"
Hunter,
>> um,
>> pretty sure he was shot with his life.
Shot with a suppressed pistol or
something.
>> Look into his life. It's worse. And I,
you know, all the crazy talk about
Adrenochrome. I know. Where did I hear
that? I heard of that in Fear and
Loathing.
>> Fear and Loathing in Las Vegas.
>> Adrenochrome.
>> He wrote about Adrenochrome.
>> Have you seen Fear and Loathing? The
film. So in that there's a scene where
they take adren. It's like I got it from
the Satanist. This you can only get it
from a pineal gland. Like a real P. And
it's like
>> like they give the whole spiel about
adrenaline.
>> They thought it was a hallucin. See,
they made it look like it's like
>> hallucenic or like Yeah. Yeah.
>> Yeah. But now when they talk about it,
have you noticed this? They talk about
like it's a narcotic like a cocaine.
>> Right.
>> Now here's a weird fact. I don't know
how it fits in. Maybe you heard some uh
the stuff for an EpiPen when you have
allergies.
>> The adrenaline, right?
>> That's adrenaline. And if you let that
go bad, it turns into adrenochrome. Oh,
>> but it looks like red powder. So, why
can't you just use that if it's a drug?
I don't know. I
>> I definitely think there's something to
adrenalized blood. Like, you know, this
whole idea that, you know, you get
someone into a perpetual state of fear,
they've got all this adrenaline running
through them. Like, that blood's going
to be rich in adrenaline. Whatever that
really does to someone's mind if they
just drink it. I don't know. But like,
you know, they they they definitely
don't want us to think that there's
anything like actionable or real. What's
an internet troll do?
>> Like
>> they try to somebody a disembodied thing
feeding on your they say stuff to
provoke you to feed on your negative
emotions. Does that story sound familiar
to you?
>> Yeah. Again
fractal pattern so the drapes were going
to technologically create
>> like a demonic.
>> Absolutely man. Absolutely. And I think
it happens in different levels and
layers of society in different ways. You
know
>> it does not suck cuz I found your show
on there.
>> Yeah. I learned now I don't
>> No, that's true. That that stuff's dope.
Like the fact that you can make
connections that you can never make, but
we're going to make more progress and
all this stuff.
>> They [__] up putting they [__] up.
>> But it also sometimes I'm like I just
got to get this out of my brain. Like
the people you sometimes get focused on
because and then some people attack you
can be very overwhelming.
>> 100%.
And and the issue with that is that this
is a very egotistical space like you
know a lot of competition between people
and like you know like influencers and
content creators and whatever whatever
and like that's something that I found
very tiring is just like dealing with
the egos in this field.
>> Well it's so ironic right cuz it's like
>> people say I've got a massive ego. Maybe
I do but
>> well UFOs should like UFOs should be
like this sacred thing and instead you
have all this like jockeying around like
you know I want to be the disclosure
person or this or that.
It's also
>> Exactly. And it's a cottage industry.
There's a lot of money to be made. Like,
you know, people don't think there's any
money in UFOs. Like, have you been to
some of these conferences where they've
got like the whole place hide out and
it's like, there's money there, dude.
There's money there.
>> That's how they compromise your work or
anything.
>> And then all the CIA people are at these
conferences, you know, like embedded
within the crowd talking to people.
>> I was never offered money. Okay? I don't
want to say these things I'm saying, but
they won't pay me. They'll not say them.
>> Still wait. Have they even thought to do
that?
>> Not once. Why? Yeah,
>> cuz my cape isn't as nice as some
people's capes.
>> Yeah.
>> And myst
Yeah, maybe I got at Party City before I
came here. But don't show that I have
esoteric knowledge.
>> And yeah, maybe my cult leader
sunglasses are I got them at the
7-Eleven before I came here. When I got
my claws.
>> Well, I I don't mean I don't know what
I'm talking about.
>> I I offered way too much more more money
than I can afford to be honest to have
Kirk Patrick come on my show and then my
buddy doubled it. now at 100K and um I
don't think he's going to come but I
think it's a revealed preference that
he's being paid off. Kirk Patrick. Sean
Kirkpatrick, you know this guy is
>> okay.
>> He's not meta bad enough for you because
you want only procisure people to be
bad, but there
people judge people.
>> It's too simple. But it's also like
judge you good or bad. I judge if you
lie.
>> I definitely He's a liar.
>> But I definitely get I definitely get
frustrated with like the procisure
activists who are kind of like anyone
who's coming out from the government who
isn't Lu Lozando is wrong about what
they're saying. And it's like yeah,
okay. But like again, I would say that
someone like Lou for example,
>> but on the facts, Kirk Patrick got so
much wrong in that.
>> Oh, no. Absolutely. I'm not not
disparaging that. Like, you know, Sean
is is a is a shady character. Shady,
>> but so is Lou.
>> Sure. [laughter] Sure. I thought you was
so So's the guy that drops fake UFO
photos on stage and in congressional
settings and they get debunked in 24
hours.
>> He was wrong before that.
>> So much as I know, bro. I've been
following it for a long time.
>> Okay. So, Saj Ban Cohen, who I by the
way has a mutation in his eye that he
can read tiny writing that no one can
see. kind of cool. [laughter]
Awesome.
>> What a wild little dude don't improv. He
writes the lines you say.
>> Holy [__]
>> Word for word.
>> Yeah.
>> When he would go in character,
[laughter]
when he dude, it was he would go in
character. So we did this billionaire
character, Gio. And he's talking to a
yacht salesman about putting girls in a
boat. And now I want to tell you all
these pranks. It's all these rich kids
that are funny kids and they burn family
connections to do pranks.
>> Okay, this is 2017. I'm doing this
>> hysterical [__] And we had all these
people. We had Dick Cheney on. He asked
him to sign his water board and you
know.
>> Yeah. Yeah. That that was hilarious. He
goes, "My waterboarding kit." He goes,
"So he signed my waterboard."
>> My favorite was Oh, was this in the This
is America.
>> Who is America? Who is America?
>> Oh my god. That was the
>> Yeah. So I every time I go, "No one is
going to fall for this. This is too
stupid." Okay. I was wrong. I was not
right. One,
>> right,
>> dude. They did these fake charities I
wrote about like skinny shaming the kids
of Sudan and say my body, my choice.
Like we had some rockers go, they'll say
anything cuz the camera's on them.
>> It was unbelievable. But the Gio one,
that's why I talked to Weinstein because
his story of meeting Epstein.
>> Yeah,
>> it sounded dude it sounded like what we
did on the show. Like was Epste doing a
prank show
>> and then I realized, oh, we were doing
what an intel operation is. So I had
some ones I think are funny and I
thought they were so stupid. Who would
fall for this? But in Georgia, Eran
Marad, the Israeli blew my mind. And
when he was getting the guy to have like
the little teddy bear guns for kids and
stuff.
>> Oh yeah, they did that before. I think
the way they built a mosque so in case
they'd act so funny.
>> And he's like, you build your your
cubicle into a mosque so they can't
attack you.
>> The guy's wearing a a turban and genie
shoes.
>> Holy [__]
>> And he's like has a flute and a rubber.
I mean, come on. And so what do I what
do you do? I'm I'm a mother. What are
you eating? Hummus. Okay. And then the
office camoufl. And I had the pork
shield and the gay pork, you're gay.
Like to chase the shooter out.
>> Yeah. And they and they actually do it.
That's the thing that's crazy about it.
These people who are like senators on
they were actually on the show doing it.
Doing [laughter] it.
>> That's right.
>> So what do I do? I move towards him with
my ass like and say, "America, America."
>> See what the thing is from what I'm
saying.
>> Yeah.
>> These people are [__] actors. The guy
from the Federal Reserve. Why do we have
to borrow money that we print?
>> Right.
>> Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. What the Yo, sit with
you worse than any UFO story. What the
[__] None of you know how anything
works.
>> I feel like I shouldn't have better
intel
>> than the president of the United States.
>> I don't think it's cuz I'm a super spy.
I think cuz there's a big problem at the
top.
>> That kind of goes back to the UFO
subject in terms of like do they even
know what's going on? Like we barely
they barely even know what's going on in
the Federal Reserve. they really know
what's going on with like you know
aliens and like any of this stuff like
>> it makes it rife for counter intel
because of that because it's it's this
>> it's both real and it's ephemeral and so
it's so co-opable you can it's a roar
shock tell you can say it's sure yeah
you can say it's like all these things
>> yeah I know what yeah thank you
>> you know he was a bad all the physicists
are a journal of the 12-year-old girls
he would court he said no one Oh, dude.
>> Shinger.
>> Yeah. Oh, when you look into Oh, and how
about the physicist? I bet you met him.
Who invited Rogan to Epstein Island?
These people, you be sure.
>> Wait, who invited Rogan to Epste?
>> No. No, really. Lawrence Krauss.
>> Really?
>> Really? No, really. He's got a record.
>> Lawrence Krauss is on Epstein Island.
But did he invite He invited Joe Rogan.
>> Oh, yeah. I won't say no more in that. I
mean, a lot of people got invited.
[laughter] A lot of people got invited.
>> Stephen Hawing was out there as well.
>> Oh, people go I'm disappointed.
>> Yeah. Yeah. If Stephen Hawin was there,
he's the victim, stupid. He's in a
wheelchair,
>> obviously. Right. No, but I think I
think again it's like, you know, like
something like that. Something like
that, though. It could be the fact that,
you know, like, hey, uh, there's this
individual called Jeffrey Epste. He's
very interested in science. He's funded
a lot of stuff. Would you be willing to
come to his private island? He'd love to
like host you. And it's like, cool, I'll
go do that. Then you leave. You had no
idea that it was a island of rapists.
>> 100%. And they're arbitrageing
stagnation in academia where like
nothing vital or interesting is
happening. So you pay them off. You have
prestige and you have you even you have
probably of age girls and some of these
guys are single. I mean for God's sakes
you have one parapolgic who talk or
whatever and it's like
>> they don't know you know and or in
certain cases they probably did but
others they didn't. It's a mixed bag.
No
>> I mean Bobby Sllayton went to his house
as you I know Bobby Sllayton didn't do
something a rich guy and you're a comic.
Yeah.
>> Want to let's hang out go to this thing.
You get creeped out and they're
watching. How do you respond to this?
Eric Weinstein explained it. He got the
American flag coffin table to see if
he'd spill his drink on it.
>> Yeah. Well, the Weinstein thing is crazy
because he was like, it was almost like
Epste knew about his theory. Like,
right. But like right as he produced it,
it was like
>> Epstein was tracking this. It was like,
"Oh, you produced it. Boom. Come, you
know, come."
>> Bit too fast.
>> Yeah.
In Intel,
>> a high frequency trader for like
theories of everything and interesting
science and [__]
>> Oh, that's interesting what you just
said. It is like high Yeah, cuz it's
like Yeah, that's a good way to put it.
It's rigged. You could bet in the
market,
>> but it's high frequency trading, so
you'll never get access to it before
certain people do.
>> And that's how we have this secrecy.
>> Well, I kind of wonder. So, this is
getting into really weird territory, but
it's like I wonder if he was a fly trap
for like deeper like exotic propulsion
sites.
>> I wonder about that. I wonder about
that.
>> He was obsessed with the Casmir effect.
The Casemir effect. the Casmir effect
being like, you know, this sort of dark
energy shown between two uh char
non-charged but conductive plates that
seem to attract,
>> you know, that like geckos, this is a
real force. And he's like, how could we
harness this ostensibly for propulsion?
Like
>> I mean, this is like not really like
necessarily evidence, but I think it's
interesting. There was that woman, I
can't remember which one it was who was
a victim who did like the murals and the
paintings.
Maria Palmer and like there's a mural
called like the sententiles which is
like the elite spell backwards and it's
like this big mural of all the different
people that were associated lexner you
can see all the characters
>> Gain Maxwell's depicted as a dragon
biting a child in half it's all very
nasty stuff and then there's also a a an
antenna going up with an FBI flag on it
with a flying saucer hanging off the top
of it with Epstein's face inside the
window.
>> Wow. So it's like okay so like who knew
and what was he actually trying to
achieve in terms of his own scientific
ideas and explorations and obviously
like I said he's funding all of these
different movements. He knew everyone on
the Nobel Peace Prize board answer for
you brother because uh again I give it
up to Fog Daniel on this. Here's what uh
what's his name? The wheelchair robot
man was
>> Stephen [laughter]
>> he was uh those ruins that came out in
National Geographic of possible Atlantis
and then they never talked about it
again and the pictures were on legacy.
Oh, the what? Underwater or
>> he went in a submarine to go look at
that. Remember G Lane really cares about
the ocean.
>> Tamar the Terramar project. Like she had
a whole thing going on there which is
interesting.
>> Controller not Epstein. Do
>> you know about the hand like their kind
of like um overseas and like Atlantic
Ocean trading network they were trying
to establish with people like um
>> who's the guy behind Virgin?
>> Branson.
>> Branson. And like he hosted them all on
his island for the Tamar project.
basically these elites setting up some
sort of like
>> I don't even know how to say it like
they kind of considered it their own
country because when she was being
interviewed
>> um she was asked if she's a if she if
she's a citizen of any other country and
she said terma
>> it's like okay so what is she did she
said it was her other citizenship and
it's like this elite network of trading
routes trading routes and shipping
containers going around places like near
Antarctica off the grid and it was being
held by all these [__] huge elites.
So, there's something about the Terramar
project, man. Like,
>> dude, I forgot
>> that went under the radar like
[laughter]
>> Yeah, dude.
>> Whoa, I forgot that. I didn't even know.
>> Wild. Well, I sometimes wonder if on
that note, this is crazy speculative,
but like you know, William Stevenson is
>> maybe by Facebook name. He was um Church
Hill super spy, but he helped start the
CIA with Wild Bill Donovan, you know,
OSS, and he was really close with a lot
of like US-based scientists like Charles
Steinmets and Thomas Towns and Brown.
They were close confidants. And he was
doing a lot of stuff in and around the
Caribbean, the Bahamas, the Virgin
Islands.
>> And he ended up spending the rest of his
career in the Caribbean doing like shady
trade stuff. And I wonder if there's a
connection between like I feel like he
and Robert Maxwell had to have known
each other through MI6 circle or
something. So I don't know. I mean this
is getting crazy.
>> Hecker said did Eric oh I don't know if
he said on a thing but so people he
worked for.
>> Yeah.
>> So you know people go Elon Musk the
richest man in the world bought TW. He's
not the richest man in the world. He
what do you think they would put that in
Forbes
>> right? Richest man disclosed that to
you.
>> I go back and forth on that. I don't
know. Do you are you guys sure?
>> I mean I'm not sure of anything.
>> I'm not either. I'm not either.
>> I'll bet a
>> I I agree that like maybe it's
>> bucks.
>> I mean, you know,
>> that's zero.
>> Old money people that have got like
holdings in other countries and like
vaults of treasure and things like that.
>> People think, you know, poor people
think people are rich and hey, you're a
rich kid. And they they have no concept
of what it what it's like at certain
levels to not understand
>> the rich kids don't think they're rich.
I'm not rich. That guy is rich. You
know, you always have a new
>> Yeah. Yeah.
>> And and I live in New York. Okay, I did
comedy so I could just go to all the
things and see and get a perspective on
what [__] is, right?
>> And uh that's the compartmentalization
and that's how it's supposed to be and
all the So are there hybrid kids? Yeah,
when they say bloodlines, it sounds
spooky. Why do we keep track of royalty
at all still? Does anybody wonder that?
Why do I give a [__] about Megan and
Harry and the prince? British people I
know don't even care about it. I guess
they're a human flag. Is
>> most of the younger generation [__]
hate the royals. Of course,
>> all populist things got to be crushed,
>> right?
>> So, how do you crush them with nonsense
distractions?
>> Uh uh it's I mean it's endless, dude.
But I mean,
>> we got woke after Occupy Wall Street.
Remember that?
>> Woke happened after that.
>> And that is a way of controlling uh
populism because you know what do we see
these days? When there's a populist
front, it's just immediately a
right-wing far-right racist movement and
that's the way that we disregard it and
we get rid of it. And it's like a lot of
these populist movements are just
popping up because of the fact that it's
a direct reaction to institutional power
and control and censorship and they turn
it around and they switch it to make it
seem like you don't want to be
supporting these you realize these are
Nazis or racists. It's like Ukraine,
>> right? Right. Right. Right. Right. Yeah.
Exactly. I can't deal with the
hypocrisy. Those are the good ones.
>> Can't deal with that hypocrisy. Right.
Like let's all salute Azov Battalion,
but you know, don't worry about like
this these people who are just trying to
create some freedom in their own
country. Like you know, it's crazy.
>> Oh yeah, United Fruit Company.
>> We should talk about the we should talk
about the pyramids. We haven't even got
a
>> I know. I know. I was
>> Oh, sorry.
>> We got to talk for a second.
>> All right. I got to piss anyway. So,
>> all right. So do I, but I'll let you go
first.
>> You go. Come back.
[laughter]
>> Maybe come back.
>> Maybe come back. I
We've had Alex Jones on the show. And
Kurt, you are 10x crazier than Alex
Jones. And
>> I know why the cage bird sings now. I
used to judge Alex Jones, but I know why
he's like that.
>> He's a cage bird.
>> Here. Wait, hold the staff while I'm
gone. [laughter]
This is wonderful. Okay, we got this.
>> You know, I I love him.
>> Oh, he's fantastic.
>> He's great. He's great.
>> He's awesome.
>> Um,
>> it's kind of like if you brought me in
and we were like, "Right, let's get some
like dude from the underpass on as well
and bring him [laughter] like dress in
his cape." Like, let me tell you about
the secrets of the Illuminati. Now,
>> if we were both on a mega dose of LSD,
>> that's what it feels like. [laughter]
>> Feels like I'm rolling on something
pretty strong right now. No, that was
really good, dude. Like the pyramids
though, we should talk about that. We
should get into that.
>> What the [__] is going on? What's under
the pyramids? What's happening? Because
you're you're in touch with the research
team that found this through synthetic
aperture radar Doppler tomography. These
structures and they're reconstructing
the structures. Is any of this real?
>> Yeah, I mean like my opinion on it is at
this point there's 100% things
underneath the Giza plateau and the
pyramids. whether or not we can
completely correlate that to the very
interesting 3D models that they've
created. I think that's more of, you
know, kind of an inspired artistic
recreation,
>> but at this point I would say it's
undeniable that they are finding
significant subterranean signatures
below the Giza plateau. And like there's
been so many assumptions. Like even
actually driving here on the way, I got
into a talk with my Uber driver and I
was like, "You heard about the pyramid
scans?" He was like, "Yeah, yeah, but
like none of it's been like done before
and none of it's been peer- reviewed,
right?" And I was like, "No, that's not
right." So in 2022, they actually did a
Giza um the Great Pyramid of Giza scans
and they found hidden chambers beneath
the Great Pyramid, which they then were
peer-reviewed and accepted and is fully
just like a validated thing. Now
granted, they weren't saying that there
were huge structures underneath, but
that's because they were tuning the
technology to specifically look at a
localized area of the pyramid and that's
when they found these hidden chambers at
that time, 2022. But they've also done
experiments in Italy at the Grand Saso
Laboratory, which is 1.4 4 km inside a
mountain and they mapped it out. They
mapped it out. They managed to find the
centrifuge and like the areas that they
were focusing on and they've produced
tomography scans showing the
subterranean infrastructure of the Grand
Casa laboratory. And they've also done
the Mosul Dam in Iraq and they use it
for structural integrity for bridges.
Professor Filippo Beyond, who's the
synthetic aperture radar expert on the
team, works for the Italian government.
Serious guy, real fun. Like such a nice
dude. And I've had like the pleasure of
because I put out that video which was
only like 8 minutes long just kind of
saying hey guys like there's this team
and they're doing this
>> kind of blew up. Joe Rogan played it
like you know so like I got connected to
the team quite quickly because they saw
my viral video on it and um yeah I was
out in Malta with them a few days ago
actually before the Carolina conference
and uh for their first international
conference where Filippo Beyond was
presenting in a lot more detail the
scans the science behind it. Um, granted
some people struggle with the dialect. I
think in the UK it's a little easier for
us because we're used to European
dialects like Italian and French and
German and the Americans seem to
struggle a bit more because they have
got quite a thick accent and they are
trying their best. But they're speaking
English which isn't their first
language.
>> But it's very interesting because what
they're doing is they're not scanning 2
km into the earth, 5 km into the earth
like you know they're not penetrating
using radar in that way cuz that's
impossible. That's what a lot of the
mainstream critiques were doing,
including some people that I just think,
why did you not do your homework? Like
Flint Dibble, like this archaeologist in
this world, [laughter] right? Like he's
just like, they've never tested it. It's
never been done. It's like wrong, wrong,
wrong. Like they have, if you actually
just spend 10 minutes trying to find it
instead of having a a knee-jerk reaction
because it's going against your model.
And that seems to be
>> such the case with mainstream
archaeology, mainstream history, and
science is if it goes against the model,
there's a knee-jerk reaction and they
didn't actually do the homework. So like
yeah like what
>> so we have detected other underground
things using sard doppler tomography
>> using sard doppler tomography
>> this is a thing that we can do
>> it's well it's a thing but this is
certainly a thing within a niche
community and beyond Filipo Beyond seems
to be the one that's really specialized
in that so it's not like a general
accepted mode it's like a novel sensor
fusion
>> but I even it's funny I even um watch
Sabina Hawenfelder's like video on this
she's a you know kind of a mainstream
physicist critical of string theory and
stuff pretty conventional and like well
she was like you can map magma chambers
and volcanoes using sardler tomography
and then she like you said that they
took liberties obviously on the the
reconstruction you know this sort of
energy grid that it seems to be mapped
out that might be a bit of a stretch I
don't know but
>> I think it's interesting that it doesn't
sit in a vacuum because you've got
historical reference to labyrinthian
passageways beneath the plateau and
entranceways into the halls of records
like there are there are old uh going
all the way back to ancient Greece and
further of like you know statements from
people who went to Egypt and wrote about
like being taken into these corridors
and then early like 1800s explorers who
said the same kind of a thing and like I
was saying to you before even Zahawas
before about 1993 was saying the same
thing.
>> Yeah. So like you know there is there is
definitely a pattern to be connected in
relation to like subterranean
infrastructure and we find that across
Egypt anyway regardless of the plateau
like there's a lot of different places
that are subterranean and uh seem to be
of a different stonework of a different
kind of method to what we then see with
dynastic Egyptian temples.
>> Same with the pyramids as well actually
because one of the biggest uh signifiers
of that is the fact that there's
absolutely zero hieroglyphs in the
pyramids. There's not one other than the
cart that's written in red ochre that we
attribute to Kufu,
>> which by the way, if you look into the
images of that red ochre uh cartou
that's been drawn on and compare it to
uh some other red ochre marks that were
found inside the pyramid. It's so
obvious that this is basically just
drawn on with lipstick. It's fresh. It's
got like flaking from the ochre on it.
But the older stuff, it's like the
ochre's gone. It's just ionized onto the
rock. So, it's like a shadow imprint of
this very light red ochre. This stuff is
like literally like someone got
lipstick. And that's the only thing that
we attribute to Kufu for the Great
Pyramid. This is like this 1800's
explorer. I forgot his name like Voss or
Vas something. And he was hired by uh
the British Museum. He was running out
of funding. He was running out of time.
Lo and behold, he suddenly finds the
signatures of Kufu written in very
suspicious ochre. So, other than that,
there's no hieroglyphs in the pyramids.
I've been to like the Valley of the
Kings and the Valley of the Queens where
they've got these tombs and they've got
these entranceways and it is literally
you can't even find a square inch which
isn't covered in motifs and symbols and
gold calligraphy. Go into the pyramids
and it's just blank. There's literally
nothing inside the pyramids other than
precision engineering and the studies of
acoustic signatures in the king's
chamber which show that it was
acoustically engineered.
>> Yeah.
>> And then like you know
>> do you think there was some sort of cuz
you you've covered this in other
contexts too in Malta and other places.
Do you think there's some sort of
ancient uh acoustic based technology?
>> Yeah, I this is one of the things that
interests me the most and like we call
it archo acoustics. And there's also a
term psycho acoustic architecture. The
idea that some of this architecture is
deliberately designed to produce
harmonics that then influence the brain.
And one second my brother, let me just
get off this tangent. And then so really
a really interesting
>> uninterrupted a really interesting
[laughter] element of like the
acoustics. You just mentioned Malta.
Yes.
>> So, I got back from Malta recently.
There's a there's a temple in Malta.
This subterranean temple
>> carved directly out of the limestone.
They dated back to the Neolithic Stone
Age period. But that's just because they
can't date it back any further with
conventional narratives. Right.
>> Yeah.
>> And this place is precision tuned to 111
hertz. Like they've done enough studies
in there to show that this place called
the Oracle Room
>> Yeah.
>> resonates at 111 hertz. It's this like
incredible overlapping architecture like
these kind of like multiple layers of uh
of like concaves and and entranceways.
And inside the uh Maltese subterranean
chamber of the Hypergemium, they
actually found elongated skulls. One of
them's on display in the Valleta Museum.
Wow. And the interesting thing about
these skulls in particular, unlike some
of the ones in like Peru where you've
got evidence of headbinding,
>> is that this skull actually lacks the
sagittal suture, which is the vertical
crack that goes all the way down the
head when the two pitial bones are
pushed together when we go through the
birth canal and fuses the skull
together.
>> Yeah.
>> So, we have one going across here and
then one going all the way down the
skull. That one doesn't have it. Doesn't
have it. So, that's like an and it's a
it's an adult skull. It's not an infant
skull. So this thing was walking,
talking, and acting around without a
critical component of our um bone
structure. What do you make of that?
>> Well, I mean like there's one in
Valleta, but the story goes and it's
even written in the museum and you hear
from the Maltese locals that they found
[__] hundreds of these skulls.
Hundreds of these skulls. Then the guy
who finds it mysteriously dies. Someone
from like some Smithsonian institute
takes over. All those skulls vanish
away.
>> What What does that person look like in
their time? The
>> like, you know, we don't know. like you
know there's there's recreations of it
that kind of look like an alien gray
like you know it's like they don't
really know how it looked but it's it's
elongated enough to be significantly
different to a human being and then like
the Maltese legends in that area are
that there were giants once on these
islands and that they helped build these
temples cuz what's crazy about Malta
other than the fact that it's the it's
got the largest concentration of
megalithic stone building sites in the
world like they're like so many there
but when the Bronze Age settlers from
Italy and Sicily went over to Malta for
the first time, they were already there.
No people, just temples everywhere. And
so, we don't know who were the original
builders of these temples.
>> But it goes back to your question about
acoustics. Like, there's so much
acoustic knowledge that seems to be
incorporated into megalithic, neolithic,
stone age, stonebuilding cultures. And
that is not something that you can just
arrive at naturally. We're not talking
about like the creation of a flute.
We're talking about multi-tonon
geometric alignment not just with
solstice and equinox and all that
incredible stuff but also acoustically
resonant in a way that when chanting or
any sort of like mantra is performed in
these sites seems to excite the brain in
certain ways bringing it into alpha
state bringing it into meditative states
of conscious is that true absolutely
absolutely
>> and how how do we how have we tested
>> so we've tested like things like
Stonehenge and again the hypergem for
the acoustic wavelength that's
propagated naturally through it when we
chant when we hum when we drum and 111
hertz is what they find in the hyper GM.
There's like quite a few studies
actually done on this where they've
concluded
>> and then they're doing like
>> and then so like you look at binaural
tones and the Monroe Institute of
Applied Sciences and the stuff that
we're at a fledgling level. This is
what's so impressive is that we see we
seem to be at a very um fledgling level
of understanding the acoustic effects on
the brain
>> and these people seem to have been
[__] masters of it. like
>> we'll like play like an instrument now
and then we'll we'll do some like EEG
scan of the brain or something while
we're doing that in this hypogm.
>> Yeah, I mean structure.
>> They've done a series of acoustic tests
not only just to check test the
bandwidth of it which comes out at 111
hertz but then like actually mod like
scanning the brains and seeing how
people react inside these kind of a
chamber. But also like you know you put
some headphones on and listen to your
favorite music you can laugh, you can
cry, you can want to work out, want to
fight someone like it changes your
emotions. So we know that acoustics has
a profound impact on our perception, our
emotions and uh yeah the fact that some
of these places seem to have been tuned
to uh hertz ranges that excite the brain
and change the brain wave state into
theta and alpha. I would say that there
is an ancient science of like conscious
induction like consciousness
acoustically induced sorry conscious
expansion
>> and then you see these elongated heads
you start wondering you know
>> see the elongated heads you see
astronomical alignment with a lot of
this megalithic architecture that seems
just very odd if not intentional like it
probably was intentional
>> once you get a pattern around the world
of different sites that have the same
kind of a tuning like New Graian island
Malta the pyramids of Giza like all of
them have I mean The pyramids are an
incredible example. It's a perfect
scale. I can't actually remember what
the scale is, but a lot of these places
like there'll be an error of margin of
like the actual kind of hertz range.
>> The pyramids are perfectly scaled. Uh as
you kind of rise up through the Grand
Gallery into the King's Chamber, the
acoustic the acoustics um that have been
picked up are like the perfect number.
It's like no margin of error. So, it's
like this incredibly tuned
>> building. So fascinating. And it's funny
when when you hear Randall Carlson or
Graham Hancock or you know
>> I was hanging out with him. How cool is
the best such dude?
>> He's like Hagrid or something wizard.
>> He's like our personal alternative
history Hagrid.
>> He's awesome. [laughter] And like he'll
he'll say stuff you know about like
possible you know ancient acoustic
technology and you laugh it off and then
you realize that there you've talked
about this. There's a field called
simatics where you put sand on
vibrational plates. You know that
there's a real effect there. We know
that electromagnetic fields affect the
body via, you know, cellular
communication occurs via, you know,
voltage gated ion channels which get
affected by local EMFs.
>> So, I was doing an interview of a guy
called David Elkington recently who's
like a a he would call himself a
recovering academic because he came from
that world and is now seeing things in a
different set of eyes. He's really
interested in the acoustics of the
ancients. And I'm going to have some
images of this in my podcast because he
actually um did some experiments
alongside some other scientists in the
king's chamber where they they stretched
a membrane uh over the uh sarcophagus of
the king's chamber like a cladney plate
like a simatic plate and they put
Egyptian sand on the plate and they sent
vibrational frequencies that match the
the frequency of the king's chamber
through it and it turned into the eye of
Horus.
>> Wow.
>> Yeah. And I've seen photos of it where
it literally is pretty much on point
with the eye of Horus, which would
suggest what? That the king's chamber
was tuned to an acoustic that the
simatic of which is a representation of
part of their own language.
>> Well, you see what does that say? Their
level of sophistication well beyond. I
mean, you see like you go to Chichinita
and you like will clap and hear this
bizarre noise or like you know during
the equinox you know you get a snake
running down the steps and it's like
>> we to barely do that stuff now. What did
Tesla say about frequency and vibration
that this is the key this is the key to
the universe to understanding it? And I
think that there's a real truth to that
and whatever these people in the
prehistoric time were doing, they seem
to have a very advanced knowledge of how
to attain transcendental states through
acoustics. And like you said with the
simatics and the geometry, it is
fascinating that when you vibrate these
sounds on these plates and you get these
geometries that are essentially the
visual signature of the sound you're
hearing, you will then find them in
pretty much every religion, monotheistic
or otherwise, represented in the
geometry of the cathedrals, in the
paintings, in the motifs. Once you
understand and look at and recognize
simatic geometry and and what it is, you
go into these places with new eyes, man.
You're staring around and you're just
like, well, there we go. there's a clear
pattern that is a harmonic uh signature
and it's written on the wall and so it
would seem and also what's one of the
most prominent things inside of churches
it's not actually the crucifix it's the
pipe organ
>> the pipe organ is the most prominent
thing I think that these places were
deliberately designed and like the
gothic cathedrals are a fantastic
example of potentially reaching an apex
point with this um you know this lineage
of acoustic knowledge that seems to
stretch all the way back into prehistory
>> yeah well even the Freemasons would say
like the brothers of the serpent from
Egypt or there's some like conction They
had their hand in building the Gothic
temples.
>> Building the Gothic temples.
>> And these things are not just
geometrically incredible when you look
at them, but they are also acoustically
profound and like you know meant to be
these spaces for induction into the
mysteries via sound. Speaking of
acoustics, you've talked to Stuart
Hammerov, anesthesiologist who's also
fascinating guy worked with Roger
Penrose, Nobel Prizewinning physicist
who
>> dares to broach the question in physics,
how do we see kind of macroscopic
reality when it's sort of supposed to be
quantum and probabilistic. And I think
they present a very bold theory that
might be right. I don't know. Um but it
deals with this sort of I think maybe
the most underrated part of it is is um
that there could be some geometric
component because there are pyramidal
structures in the tubulin in the
microtubules, right? And then that that
those maintain coherence.
>> Yeah. As above so below,
>> right? So you wonder maybe if like
you're in one of these sort of mega
structures,
>> does that somehow affect does it does it
if if if these things are maintaining
coherence for a certain amount of time
while spacetime superp position is
building up to the one graviton limit.
Does that increase the amount of time so
that you're staying in a coherent state
and then your perception presumably
would be very altered.
>> I think that might play a role. I think
that might play a role. And like, you
know, this is again, it's such an
interesting thing when you look at like
the the the bleeding edge of mainstream
physics and and quantum theory. And
they're only just getting to a point
that seems to have been represented in
the ancient past. Now, I'm not going to
say that they were quantum physicists,
but they might have got it from
intuitive processes or maybe older
knowledge, but it's clearly represented
in things like the pyramids and the
hypergem, this kind of acoustic uh
technology. And then like you say, when
we get into what that really does on the
quantum level, on the level of
microtubules and neurons, it changes us.
It changes our perception. And maybe
like you say, this is an elongation of
the process. Kind of like drawing the
process out even longer through sitting
in these acoustic resonance complexes.
But the pyramids are a weird one because
there's a lot of different ideas and
theories about what they could have been
>> and multiple make sense. So it's almost
like we're looking at a multivariate
technology. It could be quite a few
different things. Yeah, it's
>> a really interesting guy that I bumped
into in Malta and I'm going to actually
go out and meet him in Cairo when I go
out there next month because he lives
out in Cairo with his girlfriend. He's
American, but he he's lived out there
for a while. He's um his name's Jeffrey.
I can't remember his second name, but
he's got a YouTube channel called the
Land of Chem. You might have heard of
it.
>> No, I've never heard of it.
>> Have you heard of it? Yeah. Yeah. It's
it's it's really interesting his theory
on like um how these these were
essentially giant chemical plants and uh
cuz cuz Egypt was originally called
chemt and that's where we get chemistry
from and alchemy like yeah like the the
the buildup from that comes to alchemy
and chemistry and like you know
Hermesistice and all these like you know
alchemical type of minds
>> and um
>> it's really interesting when you kind of
understand that these things were
situated around a watered at one point
the Nile River was right next to them
Right?
>> And then if we invoke these strange
spiraling structures that they seem to
have found, it could almost be drawing
water up and producing an oasis, right?
These things might have actually been
agricultural nodes that promoted
fertility in the local area. And it's
really interesting. I mean, his idea
about it because it even extends to like
the dolmans and the henes that we find
all over the world. They're all made out
of like pisoelectric materials, rose
quartz, like something high quartz
concentration. And what his theory was
and I I'll murder it because I don't
know it properly but it is really
interesting was that these are are
conduits for lightning and the lightning
would excite the pisoelectric materials
and this would in turn cause naturon I
think it's called to be infused into the
ground which promotes fertility and and
growth. Right. Right.
>> It's like a it's like a terraforming
technology
>> like a type one civilization of a
different order using holistic
technology from the earth. Right. It's
so trippy, but that would so explain. I
mean, who I don't know, but it's like
the why is courts being taken from the
Azwan River Valley 500 miles
>> miles away in the form of 50 to 70 ton
blocks, which is just insane. And one of
the things I brought up in my
presentation, which is not necessarily
about that kind of technology or or
lightning strikes or anything, but just
about multi-ton stone lifting.
>> There's a place in Lebanon called
Balbeck.
>> Interesting place named after Bale the
Storm Lord. Bal, you know this like and
is the Balbeck, Lord of the Becka
Valley.
>> Wow.
>> Which, funny enough, if you read the
book of Enoch, the Watchers, right, the
the the weird beings came down on Mount
Hernand in Lebanon.
>> Ah,
>> so this is like this weird ground zero
point for the ancient stories of these
[__] wherever these beings were,
right? But Balbeck and Lebanon is a
quarry site where you've got three
megalithic blocks that weigh, one of
them is like 1,200 tons and it goes up
to 1,800 tons. Absolutely insane
megalithic blocks made of limestone.
They never left the quarry. But 500
meters up the road, give or take, you've
got this place called the Temple of
Jupiter, which we attribute to first
century Romans. A lot of the temple was
built by first century Romans. It's
obvious, but the foundations and some of
the uppetiers of the foundations, right?
There's a series of stones called the
trilithan stones, which are raised about
30 ft above the foundation blocks and
placed with precision. They weigh
conservative range 800 tons each, coming
up to about 1,000 tons.
The Romans bragged about their heaviest
lift, which was the Lateran obelisk,
which sits in Rome, taken from
Alexandria to Rome, weighs about 350 to
400 tons. So even at a conservative
estimate, these Balbeck stones are
double the weight of what the Romans
claimed to be their heaviest lift. They
never spoke about Balbeck. They never
spoke about lifting these stones, but
mainstream archaeologists will attribute
it to the first century Romans because
they found the foundation and they built
their Roman temple above it. So they
look at it, go Roman temple, it's all
Roman. What about those 800 ton stones
that were impossible for them to lift
with wooden pulley? No, Roman, shut up.
>> 800?
>> Yeah. 800. And that's conservative. They
could be up to 1k.
>> Wow.
>> And like to give you some like, you
know, perspective on that, you'd need
like one of the biggest cranes in the
world. Like I think it's called like the
Liber 17,000 or something to actually
lift that with precision and place it.
And we believe that they did it with
wooden pulleys and ropes. It's
ridiculous and crazy. So like there are
so many places around the world where it
seems ancient foundations. Peru as well.
Peru is like
>> Peru is full of
>> smoking gun of ancient history and
contrasting between what we attribute to
the Inca and what is so clearly
megalithic multi-to precision from a
time long before them.
>> Totally.
>> Um and even they will say that like the
indigenous oral traditions of the
Peruvian shamans will say that they
found sac
roads leading up to so you'd be like
excavating all this earth but you don't
know how or for what. And then from the
highest vantage point locally, the lines
don't make any sense. You have to be at
least like I think 150 m
>> totally a
>> an aerial. Yeah. For it to make any sort
of comp comprehensive sense. It makes no
s it literally like doesn't make sense
unless you're from an aerial
perspective. So it's
>> I was going to ask you actually on the
>> Malta thing if you have these sort
[clears throat] of beings with the
elongated it's called. I was just down
in Peru.
>> Oh, I'm so jealous. How long were we
there for?
>> Two days. Don't be jealous. Not enough
time.
>> Not at all. Don't be jealous cuz it was
I was in and out. I got sick. Oh yeah.
So but I s um there are these these
three fingered three toed beings, the
tridactyl beings or whatever. And they
apparently according to these forensic
experts don't appear to have undergone
the sort of traditional headbinding
rituals that you'd expect,
>> right? And some of them apparently have
like metal inside them like osmium and
cadmium inside of them which are rare
earth metals that were found in the 18th
and 19th century. So super strange.
>> You know what's weird about that as well
is I kind of feel like there was an
intelligence scop done on that very
early on because haim man showing those
kind of ones that were absolutely fake.
Like the ones that were literally just
like bone and plastic.
>> I'm not even Oh. Oh yeah. No, there was
one that was like proven to be
>> but that's not that was Flavio Estrad.
That was
>> I apologize Haimean for attributing that
to you. Well, because well, this is it
is important because Haime's gotten so
much flak and I'm sure he has gotten
behind BS, you know, hoax in the past,
but I I spent some time with the guy and
like he's just a cool he's like he's
he's he looks at the fact pattern and
he's he's he's extremely open about
scientists coming down like taking he
spent a ton of his own money to like
protect this stuff
>> and he's very like boldly stated in a
way where like he gets stuff wrong but
he's like it's real, you know, like
that's But I he I I got no like
what I meant by that is like early on
before the tridactyls before these very
impressive large ones were really
discovered there was that little one.
>> So that so in 2023 out so Haime rolled
out the J type which is not my highest
conviction body type for being real.
There's an M type. Those are like the
more homminided ones. The J types look
more like the kind of Close Encounters
of the Third Kind thing but they also
look reptilian. The bodies look a little
they look fake. And so I wouldn't have
rolled out one of those. I would have
rolled out those don't look fake.
>> These ones do not look fake.
>> Don't look fake at all. And so he rolled
that out. But what you might be
referencing is then at the airport
there's this guy named Manuel Caceris
who's a local journalist who made
merchandise as a knockoff of that.
>> That might be where I'm getting my wires
crossed.
>> And they and everybody got their wires
crossed because then Reuters picked that
up. And this guy Flavio Estrada, this
official archaeologist from the Ministry
of Culture that's similar to Zaywas,
man. It's the same [__] They were like,
"This is fake because of this like wood
glue, you know, these things stuck
together, which are obviously
obviously."
>> And I interviewed this guy and he's
like, "This was art. This was not the
real thing." And he's like yelling and
stuff.
>> I repeat, that one is fake. It's
craftsmanship constructed, built.
>> So, what I find interesting is when you
were describing your Maltese, the the
the sounded so similar to honestly what
I saw. I was like that maybe there were
some beings or whatever. I mean, I I
don't discount it, man. I really don't
because there's so many references in
different cultures and countries to, you
know, the times of giants. And it's like
I love that in Genesis. Like, not that
I've really read the Bible, but I love
that in Genesis where it's just like
there were giants in those times and in
the times before that, great mighty men
of renown.
>> Anyway, moving on. It's like, whoa, I
want to know a bit bit more about the
giants, please. But, you know, they
don't really tell you much about it. I I
think that there's a level of truth to
uh at least some sort of interface with
something that if if not giant in
stature, giant in intellect,
>> right? That we I mean, you go down to
like the Dendara temples in Egypt where
you've got the light bulb, you know, the
the kind of the classic light bulb. Um
oh, it's it's incredible. like you know
it's people call it a light bulb or a
crooks tube cuz it's like this big
Atlantean style like pharaoh and the
only reason you can say he's a big
pharaoh is because you've got depictions
of very little people below like kind of
praying and like in reverence of him and
he's holding you know this right Kurt
he's holding this giant um
>> kind of like bold out you must it's such
a famous I don't know
>> um but it it it's like this big light
bulb almost with a snake running through
it
>> and there's even like a cord that's
coming back through it and then running
along the uh the wall into like a box
that's just like etched into it, right?
It's a very interesting iconography of
>> and it's not repeated around Egypt. This
is just in this subterranean element of
the Dendara temple. I've got footage so
I can send it to you lace it in or
whatever like that. Um but you know this
this this whole idea of like
intellectual giants you know like people
who were just so superior to us and you
know [clears throat] you think of like
Gobeclete in Turkey where we attributed
that area to just hunter gatherers then
lo and behold this you know incredible
ancient the oldest megalithic temple
site pops up out of the ground and the
mainstream will just say oh guess the
hunter gatherers did that. Well, that
makes absolutely no [__] sense
because they did they get out of their
deer high tents one day and just start
erecting multi- ton stone with astronomy
alignment sundial. It's like
>> like a and it was purposely buried,
>> intentionally buried. So I I I get the
sense that maybe there were like, you
know, kind of like survivors of that
pre-time like this cataclysm that I
think clearly did take place. There was
pockets of survivors who went and where
would you go? You'd go to the hunter
gatherers, right? You'd go to the ones
who knew how to live cuz you're just a
[__] idiot. You're an intellectual.
You've been preaching in Atlantis for
all your life. You're not someone who
could like, you know what I mean? Like
>> you know what iconoclasm is?
>> Right. Right. Right. Yeah. Exactly.
>> Could go Beckley be iconoclasm.
>> It could be. Yeah. I think it could.
Exactly. And but it's it's interesting
how you know this place is buried over
and it just makes me wonder about like
you know the the hunter gatherers of
that era and maybe they were like you
know what we don't want you doing this
again. Look what you brought down upon
this world by inciting the wrath of
gods. You tried to be the god.
>> So they were like lite on.
>> They [__] murdered these people and
buried their sight.
>> No, no, no, no, no. We're not doing this
again. I wonder about that. But this
idea of like instead of literal giants,
giants of intellect for sure, I think
was the thing.
>> Well, stood on the shoulders of giants.
>> Yeah, exactly. Right. I find this this
the time we're in so exciting because
>> I I I was just actually in the context
of looking into these Peruvian mummies.
I was looking up how many like how fast
these discoveries are occurring. And so
I was I was doing this kind of
calculation about like how much older
has our civilization just gotten in the
last 70 years. And like all these
megalithic sites, a lot of them are like
the last 70 to 100 years that we I mean
archaeology as a field is only 200 years
old. Exactly. So it's almost you should
we should come up with some law where
it's like the older the field gets
you're the civilization is going to get
older, right? like sophisticated
civilization. It's not like the
Mesopotamia cradle of civilization thing
is [__]
>> Yes.
>> And then similarly, I was looking up
hominids and like we have 21 to 30
depending on like how you you know
categorize a hominid overall that have
ever walked the earth.
>> Guess how many of those have been
discovered in the last 10 years.
>> Oh go.
>> Five as your base case and then
depending on how again strict you are
with peer review and that sort of thing,
10 at the highest. That's crazy.
>> There's a lot of them out there still
that we haven't managed to categorize
and
>> so many. So I look at this thing in Peru
and I'm like I feel like, you know, I
talked about this with Rogan a bunch and
I'm like,
>> was I
>> You crushed it, by the way. You crushed
it.
>> Thanks, man. Well, I I almost
>> That's the hot seat of all hot seats and
you did a great job.
>> I was [__] nervous as
>> Yeah, I bet you were. I bet you were.
[laughter]
>> I was [__] so nervous. Um I like when
this came up, I almost my self critique
is like I was too conservative. Like I I
gun in my head, man. I think I think we
found a new homminid uh creature and
we're going to DNA test it very soon.
We're going to do another DNA test. So
like
>> you found in Peru.
>> Yeah. So it's in Peru and not because of
me but Himeme and my other friend who's
making this epic documentary. This guy
Michael Misola
documentary called This is not a hoax.
Good dude. Yeah.
>> Um he's gonna uh uh uh he's DNA testing
it with these like independent aerospace
contractors that and they're going to do
some double blind stuff so no cheating
allow. So, I love and that's why when
people like, you know, come at Haime,
the fact that Haime is down to do this
in a way that it could totally falsify,
you know, everything is [__] awesome.
And so, I'm so pumped for this to just,
you know, it's I think the definition of
a of a grifter is someone who wants to
keep something in a liinal space.
>> Absolutely.
>> I want it to collapse into true or
false. And let's let's see.
>> I want I want these things to be proven.
That's why I'm in here. I want it to be
evidenced, you know? And I also think
that's a BS excuse. Like there's so many
things to cover and there's so many
anomalies in the world. You're never
going to run out of mysteries to talk
about. You know what I mean? Let's try
and prove some mysteries. Let's let's do
that. There's so many. There's a
backlog. You know what I mean? But you
know what? One thing. Do you want to
hear my weird idea about the grays?
>> Yeah, let's hear.
>> Like I don't know if this would explain
everything uh in relation to the grays,
but I find it very interesting that
there's a lot of Aboriginal stories from
around the world that seem to be
applicable to the grays. And you see
some cave art in places like Australia
and even the Native Americans where
you've got these large eyes, these large
heads and this depiction of them.
>> And there's certain tribes like the Hopi
tribe. You got the ant people and like
these different stories where they would
come up from the ground and they would
assist people during times of great
trouble and strife and geological trauma
and famine and they they would teach
them,
>> right? And then you look at um there was
a fascinating podcast that went out a
few years ago where these two guys got
some Amazon Amazonian tribesmen on the
show and they were straight up from the
Amazon basin. They only spoke their own
language. They needed an interpreter.
They were in the headdress. They were
fully, you know, of that uh culture and
they asked them if they had any thoughts
on aliens.
>> They didn't know what they meant by
alien. They were like, "I'm sorry. Can
you explain that better?" And so they
got a magazine out and they're flipping
through. They found an alien gray and
they showed this alien gray and the
Amazonian tribe and went that's
Makunwabu. That's Makwabu. And then they
went into this whole thing about how
Makanabu is a human that became an ant
and it lives underground and it can
appear in the divine light of Mishapan
or whatever it was, which is their
version of the holy light of something,
right?
>> And that it's a very dangerous creature
and it will take your soul underground
and you need a very good shaman to bring
your soul back. And they were taking it
very seriously. this other tribes and
was going, "Yes, yes, yes, Makanoba, we
need very careful with that." And so my
idea about this is that maybe maybe
there is a subterranean species that has
lived on this planet for a long time and
a bit like the mcelial network. It went
for the subterranean route. It didn't
get affected by the surface traumas that
happened to us. Didn't get reset by
great fires and floods cuz they were
deep into the ground. And if that's
true, you have all these indigenous
stories of, you know, beings coming from
the underworld and assisting them. Big
eyes, translucent gray skin, no
sunlight, large eyes to adapt
underground. Then you hear like the
inner earth stories and also coming out
of our oceans, right? You know, these
UFOs. What if just what if there is
another and and the and the missing
subcategories of humans like you just
mentioned, right? And in Peru, you got
the tunnel. But what if uh just as an
idea there was a species that decided to
opt in for subterranean living and has
essentially been undisturbed since the
beginning and they are really really
really advanced
>> and that's what we think of the ages. So
the the this fascinating just an idea
could be could who knows
>> throwing it out there.
>> Well well yeah why not and when they are
they're very similar to us and the in ki
which is the local dialect of where
these uh um you know in Nazca and Peru
where these mummies were found.
>> Yeah.
>> Uh the the the local region translates
to laboratory for insemination and
hybridization.
>> What?
>> Yes. [laughter]
>> Yes.
>> In the actual language.
>> Yes. And and you can see this there's a
book from 2006 where that shows this or
whatever.
>> Blow my mind.
>> Nuts. Nuts. So a part of me wonders.
Yeah. I mean maybe there is some sort of
guided, you know, like maybe evolution
>> is a locally functional theory via
Darwin, but maybe there, you know, some
some artificial interference.
>> Well, I think what would happen to us if
we opted for underground subterranean
dark living? You know, your eyes, your
your skin, it's all going to change
dramatically. And yeah, I just wonder
because obviously they seem so hyper
advanced, whoever the grays are, you
know, either being in flying sauces or
literally just appearing in your bedroom
at night or apparently helping tribes.
You know, they seem to have a vested
interest in us for some reason. Some
would say it's experimentation. Others
would might say that they're actually,
you know, caring for us in some way. But
>> yeah, the idea that this could actually
be, like you say, one of those missing
subsections of the human of the human
lineage and they've just gone for that
underground living and they interface
with us selectively. Have you ever read
this book called um The Coming Race by
Edward Edward Bullwitten? Yeah. The
favorite of every neo-Nazi, right?
Because whenever I put that out there,
people are like, "Why are you promoting
this Nazi material?"
>> Hitler was into it or something.
>> Yeah. Well, well, you know, and this is
what got Graeme Hancock in trouble is
when he went out and was talking about
Atlantis. Suddenly you had Rolling
Stones and, you know, the independent
thing racist right-wing propaganda.
>> Graham Hancock's the most like boomer
liberal,
>> dude. He's got a multicultural family
for the love of God.
his wife's like, you know, dark skinned
and like he's been called this racist
piece of [__] by the
>> At the end of all of his speeches, he
goes, "We need no nations." And we
[laughter] knew like, "What are you
talking about? You're
>> racist." Like, god. But like, you know,
but but it's interesting. Uh yeah, the
the Nazis were obsessed with Atlantis.
Like the top tier of the SS and like
certain elements of the SS believed that
the Germanic uh race was a seed race
that came from these like like Liberia
and Atlantis. And they had a term for it
like the Hyperoreans or something like
that. And they would go all over. This
is what's so crazy for a lot of people.
It's like they see Indiana Jones, they
just think that's a film. That was a
straightup documentary.
>> No, Hinrich Kimler was looking for the
Ark of the Coven.
>> They were they were going through Peru
and Nepal and Tibet. There's photos of
them with like, you know, these like
high llamas and there like swastikas in
the background. It's like no, they they
were legitimately interested in doing
that kind of stuff. And the issue that
you run into these days is if you try
and invoke Atlantis or you try and
invoke Luria and you try and talk about
that, the mainstream will say, well,
you're just promoting uh racist
right-wing ideology. this is the talking
points of the Nazis. Like what? Only
because they found out about this stuff
through ancient texts, man. Like don't
don't lump in the idea of Atlantis with
neo-Nazis and ideology of that era. Like
doesn't make any sense. They just picked
up on it and became interested.
>> But it's used as a way to attack and
that's what happened with Graeme very
noticeably. Yeah.
>> You know, no, there are always ways to
bucket in. I mean, Nietze or whatever
was not necessarily a Nazi. It was like
a sister that got in with the N. It's
like it's just crazy. Yeah,
>> it's just mushy brain thinking and ways
to scapegoat people at homonym. But
>> what do you what do you think about
anti-gravity research and how far they
got ahead? Cuz that's one of the big
like lines of law is like, oh, it's
German tech. It's German tech.
>> Dude, I don't know. But I find myself
the Sila and Kuribdus for me are like
the people that say there's nothing cuz
dude, I'm so high conviction in the
towns and Brown stuff and a lot of the
the
>> uh you know, Commer was totally real and
I think they were doing some really
trippy [__] I don't know exactly. I
know way more fundamentally about what
Brown was actually doing versus the
Commer people. There's a lot of reason
to believe I think Commer was doing
frontier interesting stuff that got and
that was part of the impetus for
paperclip and why we needed it so badly
and that the habal side made it to
Russia but we you know needed to get a
lot and we now even have air force
documents knowing that we Hans Conler
was apprehended by the Americans. So, I
think there's something real there. And
then Towns and Brown himself parachuted
uh uh behind enemy lines into Nazi
Germany. And there's a there's a
telegram from William Stevenson, who I
mentioned earlier, you know, inspiration
for James Bond, right,
>> to uh Josephine, who's Towns and Brown's
uh uh wife, saying that, you know, uh
your husband is safe, but he's been
injured. And there's a photo of him in
Catalina who's recovering. Yeah. Lung
injury. Yeah. So,
>> I think there's some weird connections
there for sure. And then the Silla and
Caribbdus is the people who are like
there's nothing here where they're
posturing around you know even I love
Eric Weinstein but even him is like yeah
he it's always like hedging where it's
like you know there's a lot of you know
disinfo in the space and like
>> like but like look first principles at
the Brown stuff like there is something
there. So there's like this side where I
like have to argue that there's
something real here and then there's
like the Ashton Forbes side where like
again nothing against him and like I'm
down to have him on my [__] like
whatever but like
>> he is so sure that we have like
teleportation tech in you know deep
black circles and I'm like dude where
are you getting this? Why? How can you
know?
>> Me and him bobbed heads quite a few
times online and then he he was at the
conference I was at a couple days ago
was the first time I met him. Yeah.
Yeah. We shook we shook hands and became
friends in in that sense. I I don't
agree with him and I think MH370 is
fake.
>> Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. [laughter]
No, I feel the same way. And I'm still
happy to talk to the guy, but like
>> so I feel like those are the two the two
failure but but but the brown stuff I
I'm pretty sure is real. Yes. I'm pretty
sure it was classified. And then to me
it's just a black box as to where that
>> what happened next. And we were talking
earlier about the disclosure stuff
>> that felt like I'll [__] talk to
anybody. I don't care who they are and
you know what their past is or whatever.
The Brown stuff for me popped. It was
like the most orthogonal to like all of
the like [__] getting like quote unquote
like you know, you know, like it was
like this came out of left field. So
like I know that shit's [__] real. It
wasn't like
>> somebody came out and was doing like the
circuit of interviews and like saying
something.
>> There's a trail of receipts for that.
Like absolutely.
>> So I I'm really high conviction in that.
And then beyond that, man, I don't
[__] know. And it frustrates me and I
wish we could make prog. I don't know.
What do you think?
>> No, I'm in agreement with you. I find it
fascinating like where do these stories
come from? Like, you know, the idea of
like the the VR discs and uh, you know,
like the the Nazi bell and, you know, so
what's the origin point for this? Is it
disinformation? Is it a smoke screen
from Western intelligence? You know,
during paperclip and like, right, let's
say this stuff and we'll do this stuff
over here. Look at the right hand while
the left hand's doing something else.
You know what I mean? Like I think that
there is a a hell of a lot of um kind of
smoke screening involved in some of
these rich laws within ufology because
it's about trying to protect the
technology and and keep it away from
people. So distraction techniques that
will send someone off on a paper trail
that leads nowhere.
>> Yes. Totally. You know what I mean? And
I I do I wonder if
>> you know if you believe I believe in
non-human intelligence. I think that
that is totally real.
>> I've seen enough with my own eyes, man.
Like orbs hover over my house.
>> There you go. So that's a firsthand
experience that you have to trust. And
>> I am somewhat sympathetic to the three
body problem narrative in that like I
think
>> um science is much weirder than meets
the eye and if it pattern matches to
revelation when these scientists have
their discoveries. So I wonder if they
have their own counter intel for some of
this science possibly disseminated in
this slow drip and and it's not maybe
the Philip Corso clean narrative where
it's like just based on meta materials
that we're reverse engineering. It's
more like mental like you get a download
for a thing and then it gets like
unlocked.
>> And where did that come from exactly?
Yeah. I I I find that interesting. It's
not just us that might be doing the OP.
It might be something else doing the OP.
>> Well, it's it's funny. Eric Davis, you
know, went in front of uh Congress or
whatever. And like the whole thing was
kind of this weird dog and pony show. I
think Congress is like really dumb on a
lot of this stuff. But the the my
favorite line from from his and I have
disagreements with him all on the Brown
stuff, but like uh uh my favorite
statement of him was he goes, "The NHI
are controlling disclosure." Which I
loved. And that's [__] true, man. And
I I don't think like that's why I you
know
>> well do you remember Obama on his Jimmy
Kimmel and it's like you do it with a
smile but what are you really saying
where he's like the aliens won't let it
happen. They uh
>> Oh
>> they exercise strict control over us.
>> Wait wait wait. I have a crazy story
about Yeah. Yeah. Is off time now. Can I
[laughter] say one thing before Okay. My
crazy my crazy story on that is I have a
friend who I think heard from Eddie
Veter the Pearl Jam guy. Huh?
>> He was at a campfire with uh Obama and
like everybody was kind of wasted or
something and Obama and he was like,
"Dude, I got to know like what's
actually going on." And Obama goes,
"Read the threebody problem."
>> No [__]
>> Yes. No [__]
>> Yes. Wow.
>> And Obama's now his production company's
doing a movie on Betty and Barney Hill.
And talk about predictive programming.
>> And they did they did the um leave the
world behind.
>> Leave the world behind like the grid
goes down like
>> like basically the step by step to
destabilize a nation. Like
>> Yes.
>> Go on, brother. We go. We go first.
>> So [laughter] the free body problem as
far as
>> as far as the impossibility of faster
than light. I don't buy or the dark the
dark forest thing. That's some [__]
from psychopath serpent race people.
>> But the sans remember the sans.
>> Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. The
>> they were using Adams
>> coming into the messing fundamental
physics and
>> they're called Sons. Is that not the guy
who told uh what's his name about
Atlantis? Son.
>> Oh, I don't know. Is it?
>> Yeah. Son told
>> Oh, no. Solon.
>> Solon. Oh, so yeah. So,
>> but the sofans the thing Mark Andre in
an interview with Barry Weiss, he said
he wanted to work on AI and they go,
"No, don't bother. We're only going to
let two or three guys do it and do like,
you know, a state capitalist thing."
>> Oh, yeah. Yeah. He goes, "What do you
mean?" And he goes, "Classified a
physics."
>> Yeah. We classified a whole area of
physics
>> back in the cold war. No problem.
>> Yeah. In your school,
>> the three states of matter I learned,
water and steam and ice,
>> but plasma, which is the fourth state of
matter, we didn't really get into that
ever. No, we don't. And that's where a
lot of secrecy lies.
>> And you did something on Kenneth's
shoulder. Exotic vacuum object.
>> Yeah, I Well, I I mean like I can't
really claim that I did it. I've had
some guests on like a pretty mysterious
guy called Mr. X.
>> That's right.
>> Yeah, dude. That was that was back in
the day. That was when I was first
getting linked up [clears throat] with
Richard Dolan. And Mr. X, who just
doesn't want to be named, he's not a
government guy. He's just he's a savant.
He's really is a savant. Um, he did so
much work on EVOs, exotic vacuum
objects, and this like self-organizing
plasma. And like if you want to hear
like deep dives into the technicalities
of what plasma might be, like check out
my oldest interviews with Mr. X from
like four years back, five years back.
>> Like that dude's a fountain of
knowledge. But um yeah, like the
Sapphire project and things like this
popped up for a bit like you know, we're
balling the stars. We're doing it. Gone.
>> Yeah.
>> H Put got involved with that um project
for a little bit.
>> Sappire.
>> He's got his hands in. He's always
showing up.
>> Your story about the about first of all
Peru. I didn't know you just went to
Peru. That's [__] crazy.
>> That's where we get the name. You know,
did they still talk about Omaru at all?
>> Omaru,
>> their god.
>> Oh, no. Not too much.
>> America's named after.
>> Oh. Oh, wow.
>> Is that true?
>> Yeah. That
>> Wow.
>> Yeah. Margo Vispuchi changed his name to
be more like that, not the other way
around.
>> Yeah.
>> Have you been to Peru?
>> No. My good friend is on my list, man. I
need to go out there. You got to go
check out the mummies.
>> He used to tell me crazy stuff about it
>> all the time. I didn't believe him back
then cuz I wouldn't have believed none
of this stuff. I would be like
dismissive of all the things that you're
saying like 20 years ago. I go there's
nothing.
>> Were you like a normie back in the day?
>> You to degree?
>> Really? I can't be
>> I was a minister. I used to be a
Jehovah's Witness. I was a minister.
Right. Right.
>> I stopped when I was 20. I read the
Bible.
>> Mom, you were a minister.
>> Yeah. Everybody knocks on your door, you
get baptized. Minister.
>> Yeah. Yeah. But I mean, what you quite a
lot what woke you up? What took you out?
>> Yeah.
>> of that.
>> Oh, [__] It was just [__] It wasn't
any. [laughter]
>> But but you have to understand if I
believe something and I'm in a cult.
>> Okay. And I call the reason I called him
a cult is because you actually have to
do the religion.
>> That's the only reason I called a cult.
>> So my definition is different than a lot
of people's.
>> I always want to be Catholic because you
don't have to do it,
>> you know? Well, that must be fun.
>> Just say you're sorry when you die.
>> But you couldn't have talked me out of
it. You couldn't have talked me out of
it. You could go me show me all the
evidence. You don't leave the cult till
it don't work for you the way they said
it was going to work for you. They tell
you it's the answer to everything.
>> All the answers. And then when it don't
work, that's when you go out of it.
Okay. So, that's when I left. Now, that
thing you said about the underground,
the ant people, and I didn't know they
said they were sinister. Um,
>> they did that. That particular tribe
did. They were just like, "Don't [__]
with it."
>> Okay.
>> Yeah. Yeah.
>> That's okay. So, so this is what I'm
talking about. Metaphorical overlays.
Okay. So they're underground
>> now. I think the little grays are some
type of homunculus. If you ever looked
at Greta Thunberg, that's the
evolutionary pattern of us. [laughter]
>> Patient zero right there.
>> Well, she's a completely astrop
construct. Why would I care about
anything about her
>> because they made that?
>> Yeah, she was grown in like a world
economic form v.
>> She was vegan too early. So [laughter]
you
>> born into a mold
>> ve basically. But vegan too early is the
same difference. Okay. Um so they went
underground. So, you know these AI
freaks like that that uh creep with the
hair lip that made B little Sophia.
>> Oh, yeah. Yeah. Little bath.
>> Oh, the Yeah. the the
seed Africa to map kids brains.
>> What?
>> Yeah. And doll a doll called little
Sophia. This ass doll. Like to make him
think about STEM.
>> Also, Sophia is a Gnostic reference.
>> That's right. For wisdom.
>> Wisdom. And it spies on your underage
daughter as excites her about STEM.
[laughter]
It was crazy. Okay, full speed ahead.
All these AI guys goes, "Oh, yeah. It's
going to be terrible when they're
there." When do you watch these tech
guys talk? It's insane.
>> Yeah.
>> They go, "Yeah, first it's going to
suck."
>> Yeah.
>> They've all built underground bunkers.
You might
>> Yeah. They're ready for that [__]
>> Yeah. Like the ant people you might have
heard from those
>> guys. [laughter] Yeah. Right.
>> You seeing the commonalities here?
There's a bunch of rich high-tech people
that are going to transhuman you. You're
going to be half an iPhone. Yay.
>> [laughter]
>> And then it's GOING TO SUCK AND THEY'RE
GOING TO GO underground when [__] but
again
>> and then they'll come back up and teach
the rest of us how to live again. Yeah.
Like well [__] dude. Like
>> look for themes.
>> Yeah, man.
>> The details I don't believe or not
believe that that nothing to do with
none. You could lie to me. I want to
know a new thing I ain't heard yet. That
don't make me bored.
>> Would you guys ever get Neuralink?
>> No.
>> I would never get it.
>> No. I I interviewed the the guy that got
the first one.
>> Yeah. How was that?
>> Yeah. Yeah.
Nola Darbar like something like that cuz
he had a couple that went loose.
>> A couple of the first loose. Yeah, he
was the first one. Very first.
>> Oh, the real first ones.
>> Right. Okay. Right. Yeah.
>> Lyn Kyle worked for Polaroid.
>> Uh he went he was very jealous of his
girlfriend or something and he went to a
therapist to help him with that
>> and unfortunately his his psychologist
was worked for the CIA and they put a
chip in his skull without telling him
>> what
>> because uh Carlos Delgado has that. You
ever see the video of the bull and they
can stop its aggression? They can make
it not violent.
>> Carlos Delgado of CIA. Great. And uh
Okay, this is wild.
>> They put it in his head. It was a
disaster. And the microwaves that are
beaming the [__] to the head were giving
him horrible pain. He's a real smart
guy.
>> Yeah.
>> It turns his brain into Joe Biden soup.
He ends up in a in a booby hatch.
>> Um people come to visit him. This all
I'm telling you the truth. He has a
metal garbage can on his head because
even though he's crazy, he's smart
enough to know it blocks what they're
doing. [laughter] Really? So, ready?
Wait, wait, wait for the punch line,
dude.
>> Tinfoil hat.
>> So, then they started giving him tinfoil
instead.
>> No [__]
>> And that's where we get tin foil hat
from the CIA mutil mutilating an
American citizen.
>> And it's a big joke now. Isn't that
funny?
>> Is that true?
>> I just told you it's true three times.
>> That's crazy.
>> Yeah. So, I like to dress up like a
clown and tell people these things cuz
they can't believe it. [laughter]
>> Did you like my Hannibal directed shirt
that I wore?
>> My old band. Google it.
>> Nice. [laughter]
>> Yeah. So,
>> a thing we mock
>> was someone mutilated by intel service,
but they're going to tell you the truth
about UFOs. I'm sure they will.
[laughter]
>> I thought you you were a minister.
>> Yeah.
>> That's wild. But could you imagine his
[__] uh his uh what do you call it?
>> Yo, you guys hit like three things that
I'm like, "Oh my god." I It was like
fascinating like hearing this [__] Like
uh cuz I know a lot of this [__] dude.
But
>> well, let's go to we go to dinner
tonight.
>> Yeah, we'll go pieces and I just like I
said, I don't care who anybody likes,
>> right?
>> Or what what do I give a [__] I just
want data. Give me that data.
>> However, I got to get it. I'm going to
find it. I don't know why I'm obsessed
with it, but uh I am.
>> I hate you. Yeah. And so there's people
are gonna as soon as you who who here
raise your hand if someone from
somewhere like DoD or D uh was it did
someone from one of three layer agencies
can maybe met you somewhere and go hey I
just want to tell you like you're about
80% right your analysis
>> I've heard someone else
>> happened to me a bunch of times it's
happened to you
>> did you get a nice 80% the guy said to
me
>> well I got told that I was flagged as a
Russian disinformation platform by the
DoD apparently but they're still letting
me in the country so I was flagged as
Russian
according to someone who had like
contacts in the DoD who said, "Uh, oh
yeah, no, we love Project Uni, but we
can't actually watch it because it's
been flagged as a Russian disinformation
platform." I don't know how true that
is, but that's what I was related.
>> I have I have a bunch of like Twitter
bots calling me Russian disinf.
[laughter]
>> Yeah, I've seen you saying that, dude.
I've seen you saying that [__]
>> Yeah. No, I mean like you know, I think
at a certain point when you talk about
these kind of subjects and you hit a
certain perception, everyone's like,
"Oh, he's controlled opposition. Oh,
he's this, he's that. He's the other.
I've heard it about you as well, bro.
So, like I know the people. What you
learn is the way this system works.
>> Yeah, dude.
>> A lot of victim per not you, I'm not
calling anybody per, but perpetrators
are victims as well of it. That's how
the pyramid system works. A bunch of the
whole reason way it's designed is the
compartmentalization levels are so that
you don't know anything. So people go,
"Oh, he knows that guy. I know all kinds
of rich famous people." That don't mean
[__] dude. Jack Krauss, who I think is
very good info, thinks Rogan's a honey
trap,
>> right?
>> Rogan's called controlled opposition.
Don't listen to none of that. Know by
its fruit.
>> So, what are the fruits of what you
produced? Does it go nowhere or did I
learn from it? That's all I'm looking
at, man.
>> Well, that's why it's like dark
journalist has called me that before and
I'm like, dude, like
>> you are into the Towns and Brown stuff
and I went way deeper on the same [__]
you are. Where's the daylight between
us? Like if you can give me substance on
like how I'm doing it's just weird.
>> It's thrown out there pretty uh you know
frequently just like
>> it kind of is. Yeah.
>> Everybody does it for I get it. But it's
sometimes it's like sometimes it's true
and then sometimes it's some keyboard
warrior Reddit mushy brain
>> push most of the time. Most of the time
most of the time have no ego. You have
to dissolve your ego to do this. That's
what they teach in them.
>> But that's another thing. There's just
too many people trying to lop as spooks
and spies and they want to be you know
I'm I'm close to the insiders. I've got
information. And it's like you are the
most easy to [__] with. You realize
that, right? That you're so desperate to
be involved with these people. They love
it because they'll just feed you full of
[__] kick you out into the world
and say, "Go preach."
>> Yeah.
>> You know what I mean? So many of them.
So many of them. You got to be really
discerning in this subject. And that's
something that I've done as well. I've
made mistakes. I've had people on like
there was that Darper dude that I had on
turned out to not be from DARPA because
I got a [__] email from DARPA. I got
emailed by the security manager of
DARPA. He was like, "I'm really sorry to
email you, but we've just seen your
video and this guy has never worked for
DARPA."
>> Who is it?
>> Michael. Yeah, watch out for that
[__] He's a Scientologist. I
think he's just like out there trying to
spread his like agenda, but I was I was
actually I won't say who told me he was
at DARPA, but it was someone that I
actually did trust. He was in the IC who
we've brought up his name on this show.
And he was like, "Oh, no, you need to
get him on."
>> And I just didn't do my due diligence.
Got him on and then boom, turns out he's
full of [__]
>> If you cover this stuff, you're going to
swing at some bad swing at some bad
Exactly. I've definitely gotten [__]
wrong.
>> The healthiest thing to do as a normal
person is just to go,
>> I got got. I'm sorry. I'm not perfect. I
got got. And you know, so many people
refuse to like do that. And when
I was being [__] with by the It's like,
no, just just admit you made a mistake.
>> You're doing real well. You're going to
get [__] with
I don't care if you're wrong.
>> You could be wrong. Who made up this
thing? You can't be wrong. Like that
[__]
>> Exactly.
>> Yeah. The Nazis are going to come to the
Atlantis.
>> Remember that [__]
>> Yeah, dude. Like, you know,
>> that's an obvious op to smear you.
>> You're allowed to make mistakes.
>> Yeah. So, I care if you lied to me. Joe
Rogan, who's not a scientist, he didn't
make a single mistake about CO. Not one.
>> He was crushing it.
>> It was pretty pretty rare. All the
people that talk about science to me. I
want to know if you got your booster.
And I want to know if women have dicks
or not.
>> Okay. We need to establish a baseline
sens.
[laughter]
>> Oh, they do? I guess anything's
possible.
>> They're all They're all as [__] crazy
as each other. But you know, I get what
you're saying. Uh
>> it's just we live in a doggy dog. The
it's the Hobs Leviathan. The system set
up. It's how you divide the population
to rule.
>> But that's what I think the judo move is
the failure mode on what we're talking
about is caring too much about the
disinfo or the intel or whatever where
it's like the or the cool thing is to
just be in your like locally good
positive bubble
>> and just search for truth and just do
your thing. Well, that's honestly again
that's that's why I've stepped a bit
away from UFOs and that kind of subject
because it's just like full to the brim
with intelligence spies and spooks and
it's like I find it really refreshing to
be looking at ancient history and not
only is there like an actual data trail
but no one's trying to [__] with me in
the same level. No one's trying to
influence my stuff as much as they were
when I was doing UFOs and I just feel
like there's really good signatures in
ancient history to say like the models
are wrong. Like there's there's evidence
that the models are wrong.
with
a meditative state and made requests for
something to turn up and float down and
hover above my house
in the first place. Picked up a camera
phone, put it on a tree branch and was
like, "Hey guys, I'm a person. This
happened to me." And then suddenly you
get thrown into this world of like
espionage and spooks and spies and it's
exciting, but you come out on the end of
that and you're like, "I didn't actually
learn anything from these guys." Like,
you know what I mean?
>> Lost like AJ.
>> Yeah, dude. So, like I find it
refreshing to step into another subject
where it's like there's an anomaly.
There's something to look at here, but
there's actually some pretty good
evidence for it. And then it ties into
>> the Anunnaki, the Samarians, or the the
Watchers. It's like there's a
connection. But this modern stuff just
feels like it's been CIA sealed and
packaged to send out to us to just kind
of like
>> there's a lot of that. But push back
slightly like Robert Hastings and the
nuclear stuff like extremely grounded
patterns of like these guys who if you
speak to any of these Q cleared guys
they're they're not they don't have any
counter intel background.
>> Yeah. No, not all of them. I'm not
throwing every single one.
>> I'm not throwing every single one of
them under the bus. Not not at all. I
just feel like the UFO community is
specifically populated with a lot of
intelligence influence. You have to be
so careful who you trust, who you listen
to.
>> Yeah.
>> No. And it's what I don't like about it
is it's like uh there it's like there
are like channels that are deemed that
are seemed like I I always the thing
that's made me uncomfortable about this
year is I want to off myself as some
like like I don't want anybody to see
me. That's why I have you know Kurt on
my shirt.
>> I have no respectability.
>> No, [laughter] this is beautiful. It'll
it'll it'll give me it'll give me a
healthy taste. No, which is a
>> pro destroyed your career today.
>> Fantastic. [laughter]
>> No, no. I I I think it I think I I I
think it's great because it's like you
don't want to be the guy. You don't want
It's the worst position.
>> No, you don't because then you'll just
get shot down the moment you make a
mistake or you know. Yeah. No, exactly.
And that's it's good to interdisperse
the seriousness with a bit of [__]
levity.
Because just from being on stage, dude,
if you're going to get your feelings
hurt, you don't
>> I'm a clown for a living. So,
>> I don't get to have dignity, you know?
So, what happens online? And by the way,
it's part of the DARPA. We want to talk
about Darpa [__] to get you pulled
into a nonsense spinning sans endless
wheel.
>> That's very much like the cycle of
reincarnation, right?
>> And you're in a prison and you got to go
back. All these spiritual things you
Hey, unified field theory is as above so
below, I think.
>> Yeah.
because you can scale this [__] up and
down and you can see what the picture
is, but you got look at other [__] You
dude, I read the Bible a lot and and me
trying to reconcile all these different
things,
>> then you start to see and once you know
who gets paid for doing what and you
could start putting it together. It's
not beyond you to put it together. It's
not
>> 100%.
>> On that beautiful note,
>> damn. How long we've been going for?
>> My girl's mad. She didn't work
experience and she's impatient with
this.
>> Okay. Okay. Well, it's crazy. Yeah,
>> it's been it's been dope.
>> Jay Anderson, Project Unity, Kurt Mezer.
>> Thanks, brother.
>> Yeah,
>> dude. Good to meet you. I got you, too,
pleas
for for a meal or something. Yeah.
>> Hell yeah. We'll get dinner. Appreciate
you guys. That was
>> Yeah, that was really good. They're
crazy. [laughter]